Title - Brad Makes Ginger Beer | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
well Halloween is right around the
corner they're gonna do be a haunted
house I'll pop out of a freaking rock
you know with a cabbage over my face you
ever see them
I used to there's a couple pictures on
the Internet a couple pictures on the
internet where I have a piece of cabbage
or I cut eyes out and put a rubber band
around it it's it's the Cabbage Patch
hey guys saying it's alive pretty stoked
we're gonna be doing a little ginger
beer a little fermented beverage ginger
sugar you could judge it up a little bit
with some spices if you want but super
simple super fun let's make some ginger
beer
who's got it you got it I got it
you were a Jack like that and that's all
you'd be dangerous dude you'd be like
swimming like Michael Phelps and I sure
I was like just be crushing the world or
what Hey damn right you are Andy told
people got bad news anyway
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh anyhoo so real simple you know it's
just sugar and ginger and water so you
want to try to get the best ginger you
can get I got some really nice fresh
young ginger here from the farmers
market just like almost like no skin
like you know it's just like look at
that it's just like juice man oh my god
that's that this is like what you are
I'm just gonna give them a little rinse
Ipoh add it to some sugar and some water
in this here fermentation jar little
buh-buh-buh-buh little water thing there
little two-way valve and we're gonna let
it go we're gonna let it go for a few
days we're gonna taste it kind of like
kombucha or tepache you know it's like
it's not one hundred percent set for four days and it's
done you got to keep an eye on its
fermentation we're learning this we know
this so um I'm gonna give this a little
rinse and we'll trim it up so you look
up beautiful Meadows if you can get it
fresh like this I'm thinking up until
where it starts to go get green we're
gonna nip off well little trim ski but
these I'm gonna keep there's something
there I want to do something of these
maybe I'll just ferment them for for the
hell of it look they're fun they're
pretty trim well trim I'm trimming these
off because I don't think they're gonna
add any gingery flavor and it might give
it a little bit of a vegetal off flavor
but we'll leave a little bit believe
those are a little little pink tips
remind me to never say pink tips again
this frickin fruit flies for the recipe
I've been working on flip through the
old notebooks I'm calling for four hundread grams
of ginger let's see if we get it out of
this boy I hope so we're gonna get there
Oh big time but we have a little extra
huh I'm gonna do five hundred yeah just because I
want to if some of that tougher you know
Tommy how's it going Tommy I feel like I
haven't seen you in a while
traveling the world we're gonna make a
little ginger beer oh you make ginger
beer don't you I'm losing my voice
pardon me what and what you told me to
is that it's got to be white sugar
instead of like I don't think it has to
but and for a certain I think it's just
the waste of certain things like like
[Music]
thanks Tommy we'll catch you later but
feed those kids okay so some of those
older gingers are you know more mature I
sometimes upgrade them just to get them
off home you could crush them or put
them in a food processor or whatever I
just like to get juices out so this
stuff is so juicy and beautiful I'm
gonna use the grater I'm just gonna chop
it into little pieces give it a little
crush we're gonna do three hundred fifty grams of sugar
all right tell me when Hansie what are
we at three hundred forty two where I said we're gonna do to
you Kizzy close enough so that's our
sugar now I'm just gonna mix that I'm
gonna add this to our fermentation tank
let me give it a little quick rinse real
quick
want to make sure these jars all these
nice and clean you just want to ferment
what you're fermenting not a bit of a
rabbit hole in the common
Oh Kevin thanks bud yeah can't say hi to
the world the world that watches yeah
five world so we're just gonna add the
sugar to the jar like so okay put that
bad boy right there I'm gonna crush up
the ginger oh my god leave that God
juicy that is so not real woody crazy
Harry fibery kind of thing Oh smells
good just won't bite it it's gonna rub
it on my face oh geez give it a little
crush mmm little crush no no no Allyson
in this one and like I say try to get
organic some of the other stuff I
believe it's uh irradiated Chris
irradiated right so what they like pass
it under a light UV light right
kill critters yeah that is eager to
permit and sometimes it wouldn't even
yeah that's right huh
beautiful now we're gonna add in check
my notes real quick twelve cups of water
you know the best water you can get
today it's gonna be New York City tap
water which is damn fine
damn fine but you know if you can get
like a melting glacier go ahead get some
of that or maybe a nice little bubbling
and natural spring Shore
you know hike in you know a spiky get
some great before to do that this is eight
cups remember so what do we need we need
four more after that get that sugar nice
and dissolve that's our food for the
ginger for the fermentation no wouldn't
yeah maybe a little
a couple of tablespoons of maple syrup
you go on the counter it out that
probably would be kind of cool with a
side a little bit of color you probably
use a little brown sugar if you want to
leave to be darker kind of wish I
thought of that before you wanted to add
some other little fun things here you
could sometimes throw in a little fresh
bay leaf in you know I love them bay
leaves yeah now we're just going to let
this for men it's Tuesday I'm thinking
Friday we'll meet up well strain it will
bottle it let it do its secondary
carbonation so well send this to the
fermentation station huh yeah come back
on Friday bud think I have a fever
yeah I don't know how accurate is that
rectal nope
perfect
see you on Friday man all right quick
follow me around creep we got to do
another one we'll do a little wardrobe
change and hop right back into the same
raspy voice
[Music]
how long's that thing going on see a
little loop I did there I teach at film
school yeah yeah Brad that's what they
do
oh honey what are those are those your
driving gloves lose your lose your
camera opera honey you forgot your
camera operating gloves oh my god what
kind of OJ Simpson does that oh no
there's two of them then you only have
one oh yeah okay right
didn't the hell's going on anymore let
me just make a real quick little drink
this has nothing to do with the episode
but it's very important to stay hydrated
while you work no lemon all right get
organic weaken it put all kinds of stuff
on citrus we got to buck up and spend a
little more money spend it on your
citrus all right those were probably not
organic but I scrubbed them well you
know it makes me feel good all right
where we leave off ginger beer we used
that nice fresh young ginger that we had
there was the first time I ever tried
making ginger beer with that kind of
ginger I thought it was gonna be like
super active want to take off it's been
a little slow on the ferment it's got
some nice bubbles going I started around
before agitated it it's still a little
sweet I'm afraid if we bottle it now it
might over carbonate and just be too
fizzy it's hard to tell you know
everything's a bit of an experiment but
what I'm gonna do is take I have one hundred
grams of just like I stole it from Gabby
ginger right out of the walk-in I peeled
it up a little bit of washed it I cut
any blemishes off it was kind of it had
a couple little funky spots you know but
I've used that before and it is
fermented like crazy and this worked out
really beautifully the one time I tried
using sexy young ginger maybe anyway I'm
gonna add one hundred grams of this I'm gonna
grade it up keep the sugar level the
same I'm gonna let it go for today's
Monday you know we'll check in on
Thursday checking on Wednesday Thursday
hopefully Friday
nothing the chitchat I just got a box
grater and the other on the coarse one
here be careful all right not gonna wood
because is a real knuckle destroyer the
last little chunk you know shave your
fingers and just throw it in there crush
it or something as it matures it gets so
much more than the fibers within the
ginger I need you pay attention I need
you to focus now I need you now Matt
okay I mean I know whatever they're
doing is probably really fun so is this
alright fermentation is fun Hansie look
look at words he'll them you know this
thing is done my mother's got a sharper
frickin fox greater than this thing it's
probably thirty five years old yeah faucets
dripping they leave me with a wet
counter dull box grinder or box grater
and it was cold
oh yeah this is how you just get a
horrible cut god I'm so close please
don't cut yourself thing slips knuckle
goes right down it you know a burry dull
scalloped blade just right to the
knuckle bone Oh God it's just selfs open
up a bunch so there there we got it okay
I'm gonna add that hopefully that helps
just kickstart a little bit more farming
fermentation and we let it go for a
couple days I'm gonna get a little scary
poo and wash my hands turn the page wash
your hands well from something cook from
some like Doug funnie no the other guy
was like a turtle yeah that Rocko's
Modern Life oh my god I forgot that
existed
Rocko's Modern Life it was like this
turtle and he would go and he had
glasses forget his name
turn the page turn to page wash your
hands anyway little story pill oh yeah
oh yeah
don't do that
I'm hoping the new added reinforcements
will help the fermentation and we'll
check it in a few days all right hon to ze
the next one
hey guys today and it's now what are we
doing now Hansie we're gonna do oh oh
you want to talk about fish jerky do you
so have we addressed Kevin at all yet oh
oh yeah we're the airlock bud that's the
color it's not the color water anymore
it's colored ginger beer my friend let
me take a seat we'll talk through it so
ideally oh you're getting look those
little bubbles in there right little
things come about things are fermenting
things are consuming the sugar and
giving off gas so what happened ideally
you would want a little more headspace
than what we have now so that when it
ferments sometimes you know it'll it'll
it'll get bubbly and what happened was
it fermented so much it came up into the
airlock and put a mixed ginger beer into
the water
not ideal you're gonna want to clean
that if you're gonna keep fermenting
we're gonna bottle it now let's paste it
real quick it's gonna borrow that Andy
thanks love the color oh yeah
now when we bottle it I like it to have
a nice carbonation so just like in kaput
just like in kombucha or tepache where
we do what I call f two our secondary
fermentation we're about with users will
bottle it will leave a little space and
that residual sugar will still ferment
in here the cap will keep the gas in and
force it back into the liquid
carbonation I'm predicting will do
today's what Thursday Thursday taste
Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Monday
Monday Tuesday I'll check it Monday
maybe Tuesday I'm thinking of
so let's get Bob Delaney
yeah guys down here boys she wake up
he's got a camera somewhere that's
that's the ongoing theories and I think
Morocco and Andy and I had there he's
got like a camera hidden somewhere
secret camera you never ever see
something really cool or delicious going
on thanks to Ray
[Music]
this is very high-tech it's gonna fall
immediately boom I like to use these are
great man you know if you see people
drinking them you know store-bought
kombucha 'he's great fermentation
bottles okay they already did the hard
work they got the glass they got the top
they did it all you see people going oh
oh I got my little kombucha I'm gonna
throw it in the recycling boom take that
one right back
save them up and you got fermentation
grade bottles okay or you can buy like
beer making things like that little beer
making bottle that's fun too you put the
little cap on it or like these guys
don't those are like the beer ones you
know but you can't go get in just the
ones that are like oh Mack then I'm at a
little restaurant in Greenpoint or
whatever and they oh oh you guys want
water for the table yeah and they come
and they bring it a little pop top thing
looks like this you know those will blow
up on you alright they are the word they
use them if you go looking it up it's
like they're like ornamental now we're
just going to pour them in there and we
want to leave a little bit of headspace
like right here like so okay let's see
if we can get this thing up or right god
I hate them tell me what's getting close
take the camera alright you know what
can you do with this leftover ginger I
don't know no I'm literally asking
myself that compost it let's let's taste
it
I don't know you probably just throw it
away you know you could you project so
that keep almost knocking these over
before you guys got here
I'd knock broke it all over the freaking
floor
it's very disappointing who's a little
shy we got just a little bit oh yeah the
old drink huh
not a bad yield way drinking today
ginger beer great okay I get a bar one
day right I feel like I do this every
episode that's right yep no problem Joe
whiskey
don't even look up yep
all right I'll just make the ginger beer
shut up Fred again there's a couple ways
to make ginger beer I know people like
do a bug will you'll leave some like
back slop or whatever they call it
well you'll have some of that juice add
to it and just keep the whole cycle
going I've had great success just doing
one offs like this all right but you
know let me know in the old comments if
you guys do it a different way always
like learning right we'll never stop
learning
the tricky part like most things it's
easy to make it's hard to make really
well so if this doesn't work out if it
over goes or if it's on nerve it's too
sweet you make notes in just kind of
tweak and adjust that's fermentation
that's cooking oh that's the stuff very
satisfying Oh dogs Oh dogs whammo
oh I could do that I could do that for
like an hour captain bottles and then
like anything you'd probably get really
bored of it okay put some fresh labels
on them well G a a G B what's the date
nine hey Siri all right taste of twenty six of
September so you probably see this maybe
and I don't know nine ten months all
right ginger beer will do what I say was
the twenty second
I'll pay attention I literally just
looked at it and I didn't even pay
attention twenty six GPA GPA oh this one's
already got it on it
G B nine hundred twenty six the worst handwriting ever let's
say a child actually children probably
write better
not in cursive darling auntie check it
anymore right I can still write my name
in cursive what kind of kids can do that
boom there's my signature read it first
thing ever
in that fax they don't Forge my my life
buy a house with my signature or
something stupid oh you want to see
ginger beer and scrip for all you young
uns out there I'll do it you might not
be able to read it but let's see let's
see if I can remember Oh capital G oh
boy we're screwed
was it that yeah so I'm like there was
that D that's D is that D it's close
it's something like that right B I think
B was just like a big be okay I wrote my
name's E E and then it was just like a
little D like that alright I put a deep
goddamn Brad all right let me do let me
do beer again so I'm a little dim there
it is OOP forget to the second one
because I messed up ginger beer and
script so we'll put this back over in
the fermentation station and we'll let
it go what I say today is Thursday we'll
check in on Monday all right Hansie
Monday maybe Tuesday I'll let you know
to the station but all right Oh check
this out look this experiment rip it off
the wall it's been there forever
since my march to april been there since
april what this is is just egg yolks egg
yolks sugar and salt I don't know what
the hell I'm gonna do with it probably
nothing but it's been sitting at room
temp in that for like since April huh
color it will get Gabby to try it one
day Morocco olives will trick them I
made this like it's like a clue to
clarified pumpkin caramel
I know you have like a super palate or
whatever you call it super taster you
know dip a piece of angel hair in there
and just and just taste it let me think
let me know what you think maybe it's we
should do that no you can't get sick
[Music]
cool alright so ginger beer left off f two
as I called secondary fermentation we
were gonna try to achieve some some
carbonation going into it the whole
process with the fresh ginger has been a
little a little skeptical it wasn't
really I don't know why you know it
didn't really wasn't eager to ferment
nice color I'll give it a little half
turn let some of that sentiment drop
moment of truth I'm not expecting a big
gas off if any here but let's see I'll
hold it up to the mic hopefully it
doesn't see my face nope my theory it's
the fresh ginger this again this is a
theory I didn't I didn't research this
or google it or nothing
I'm thinking maybe either there was some
kind of so yeah that's that's this one
beautiful color if that was carbonated
I'd be in a little less sweet I'd be so
happy with it but fool around with it
try that that's not a that's not a dead
thing but I'm gonna look into the fresh
the fresh ginger as an issue probably
should have done that before I am but
you know they were worth the fun in that
I also I do have a couple bottles I want
to grab I'll go grab one right now of a
different ginger beer that I use without
fresh ginger and I let it go and it's
like bone-dry like somewhere between
this and the other one would be perfect
let me go get it I mean the freakin lid
is pushing up okay oh yeah well that one
worked let's give it a little tasty poof
shall we well you see it doesn't have
that punch in the face ginger aromatic
that this one has super dry you know
what a little combination of the both
maybe huh oh my god that's that's really
good it tastes like tastes like a
high-end ginger beer is that you buy you
know I guess they figured out hey Gaby
come here when you try some try this
yeah it's a mixture of to give it a
taste let me know what you think
what do you smell like like a cleaner or
something not in a bad way something
refreshing that's not ever think heavy
I'm not upset it's good give me anything
drink on the other side it was thick
baby baby subtle why what is stronger
stronger ginger spice what do you know
about young ginger it's better right
yeah you're pinkish and while yellow no
but they didn't ferment as well I mean I
don't try this try this it's not
carbonated in sweet I think maybe or
maybe the opposite try that was it what
to do you're sick I wasn't fine I took
like a week of antibiotics is the next
oh you you yeah this is not alright dump
that swill and try this no it's not very
good
bone-dry remember not the bone-dry yeah
there's nothing in it so this one was
the fresh ginger that didn't really
ferment
it's sweet but if you mix that or put
that the smell is completely different
it's like fresh POW beautiful yeah but
if it was carbonated it would be awesome
yeah because in the secondary where we
produce carbonation there wasn't enough
lifeforce in it to eat the sugars you
add that yeah you be good for a cocktail
right it's a fun additive boom you got a
little tea boom yeah you got a little
ice tea boom little water
boom yeah AC moonshine their moonshine
is boom that's it
or your best shoe shoes what's the best
shooter but juju
thank you God we Cheers
King he be hey say ginger beer bone
Appetit one everything oh by the way you
notice what Oh nineties Gabriela Oh mrs
Hunziker what a gem right you see yeah
that's right all right Gabi thanks for
swingin by Oh God what are you gonna do
you ever play dry ice no you got to pick
it up quick and throw it to the next
person you gotta catch it ready Jessie
try drugs never let it go you do hot
coals though
Jessie coming at you Jessie J eyes join
us
dry-ice whoo oh we're making a mess
let's just put water on it make smoke oh
don't go picking that up Emma Christ you
can't hold it like that people think you
touched dry ice tonight yeah it's not
like dipping your hand and liquid CO two or
liquid nitrogen
you know like ha ha ha we're gonna open
up a haunted house right here be a
haunted house Emma's gonna drop from the
ceiling she'll be a spider what do you
want to be
yeah but fake arms what do you want to
be let's play as a hero not a scary guy
yeah not scary all right get out of here
we're trying to make a television show
cut
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Fermented Popcorn Seasoning | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
where we doing
hey guys saying it's alive we're gonna
do a little fermented powders it's a lot
cooler than it sounds
we're gonna take a few fermented
products some kimchi some sauerkraut
musso's we're gonna dehydrate them turn
them into powder and we're gonna make
like a sprinkly togarashi kind of
popcorn we're gonna put it on popcorn
but you could put this stuff on anything
so yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
first off you're gonna want to you need
a dehydrator so let's take a walk with
me real quick we got this one real nice
real upgrade from the old one we had so
we got this nice it's all right this
dehydrator really need a new one I want
a nice one where I can get temperature
calibration this one is like set and
forget it
nice easy racks double fan look at that
bud huh
boy we've come a long way almost want
like two of them I like a whole freaking
room of them you know we'll get that
gone I set it to one hundred thirty five it's not like Oh
for hours it's done kind of thing you
keep an eye on it you want to just get
all that moisture out you want to be as
dry as possible so that when we put it
into a Vitamix or a blender we can get
it into a real nice fine powder ooh
we're not gonna do it right now but it'd
be kind of cool to dehydrate honey candy
all right so first off let's do oh you
got a phone call from Mattie Masterson
this can't be good
Oh's my folks always FaceTime me hey
Maddy what's up bud hey just wanted to
give you a heads up we are shooting so
just say hi are you in the building
Oh Maddy come to the kitchen bud
oh what a nice little surprise so we'll
start with the miso we're just rolling
will start with to me so we're just
gonna spread them out as thin as
possible get a nice little thin layer
the thinner it up you know the thicker
it is the longer it's going to take to
dehydrate
[Music]
yeah buddy you're that shirt huh don't
didn't see you man
making me some fake visa no yeah so this
is a little chickpea miso and we're just
gonna yeah the hydrate turned into a
powder make like a little togarashi
seasoning a little yeah like a miso
sauerkraut kimchi salt we're gonna put
it on popcorn and then we're gonna
package it and sell it for a million hey
thanks for saying hi bud yeah we'll see
you Thursday yeah absolutely and do we
cover guys I'm not I was like
yeah later Madi all right now a little
bit differently so I read me so it's a
little little chunkier and everything I
love that we're just gonna do a little
half a little side-by-side how good's
that look right then you just want to
bite it it's like freaking chocolate now
sour crab this is one of my favorites
dried up it kind of just concentrates
what I love about sour crab so much
funky tangy cabbagey salty flavor so I'm
just going to get some of this in a bowl
squeeze out as much as the liquid as
possible that's just gonna help with the
timing of the dehydration to get all
that liquid I would have took ours in
the dehydrator if it's not completely
dry it's gonna get a little gummy and
when we go try to turn it into powder
yeah man we'll catch you later man
what a guy
we'd like a full-time show together is
that thing recording yeah all right
in the comments we got to make this
happen I want to make a full-time show
it's just me and Matty going let's go -
lets go - like Matty shows me Canada
Brad shows them then you know or
whatever and we go all we'll figure out
the creatives me and Matty going places
having fun oh I just I want to do that
full time yeah let's just hire Matt if
you come with us in the meantime go
check out Maddie's new YouTube page all
right guys funny Canadian legend
not just talented and funny put a
sweetheart of a man back to the
sauerkraut so yeah we'll just spread
that out nice and thin and again the
more can even the better then the more
consistent to drying will be I gotta
stop giving away these ideas but take
this turn into a powder mix it into I
got to talk to Elias mix it into the
sausage so you have like sauerkraut
flavor and mommy and punch and inside of
a sausage and then next we'll do the
kimchi which is a cool one too because
it's like you just remove in the liquid
and you're keeping that like fun spicy
ooh big umami fermented a kind of flavor
with it save the juices as we know is
there a good way to start a new
fermentation projects a little like a
little back slop kind of thing I think
they call there's already so many live
cultures and bacteria and it's just
gonna help jump-start another project so
save your liquids save your liquids just
call your mother make sure to keep Ikey
remember that commercial it was like a
pickle pickle company it had like dis
torque on it yeah I remember that
commercial it was like make your toy
keep Ikey anyway they kept going that's
the only one I remember you don't
remember that commercial makes your toy
key by key all right hon z ten the
dehydrator but oh yeah right in there
before I got it set the timer ignore
that's just to keep it running see ya
see you tomorrow Hansie I think we're
gonna try to sneak this little we're
gonna wrap this up I think gold clear
old half's ourself as shooting tomorrow
maybe we'll try to zipper in a little
content during her lunch break or
something huh what is Claire working on
ah
the freshmaker Mentos and cooks how much
to tell her I don't think that's a good
idea
[Music]
Gabriela yeah a little cold huh might
want to see a doctor all right so we're
back in the Test Kitchen powders are
looking good I check them out this
morning looking real nice real dry let
me go grab my dehydrator I'll bring them
back to the old little board here
beautiful looks like some kind of re you
know put a little clear coat over it
hanging on the wall sell for twelve thousand dollars
fifteen thousand dollars and fifty thousand dollars right that one I'd
hang that in my wall it's a little gross
little fecal but you know people get if
people get in the weird shape no pun
intended
okay for our next trick let's just check
them out real quick yeah
I kind of like it just like that pretty
real simple from here we're just gonna
throw them in the Vitamix turn them into
powder if you don't have a Vitamix any
good blender or work or use a mortar and
pestle for half an hour you know figure
it out let's do the sauerkraut first so
if this works I'm buddy
[Music]
welcome breathing that stuffing you get
cabbage growing out of your lungs
that's real oh oh my god it's so so good
[Music]
whoa all right so that's our crab powder
look at that huh
freaking cool is that I have so many
great ideas with that that I shouldn't
share anymore
all right we're not even gonna rinse
this no big deal I'm gonna put the
kimchi in next so if this works
remember tae-bo ready
oh yeah caller say I've been eating
Doritos oh you smell that this is the
coolest thing we've ever done
look at that oh my god it is so good
just saying whoever makes us you're
welcome
look at the color on that I'm bud
looks like turmeric tumeric how do they
hate you supposed to say it tumeric
tumeric turmeric forget it Brad it's
frickin Orange oh come on be shy that
tastes so good hanging and salty and
funky and then like cheesy in a weird
way that's gonna be so good on popcorn
and we're onto something I got to wipe
this one out rob Peter to pay Paul no
big deal right well again I don't have
any idea I have my references have I
made probably like fifteen I don't know why
TVs do this piece
[Music]
I've already tied mowing it five-o
double times
seven
[Music]
well I want to take something awesome
tastes like kimchi powder please it's
fucking rock and roll we're going
through hello yeah a little dab'll do ya
but feel free nice just intense it kind
of even tastes a little cheesy it's not
good so good fuck it goes into weird
places like magic in here go cheezy go
cheezy right this tastes like like a
weird white cheddar almost this one
might be cool to run through like a
little not a super fine but like a
little strainer just to break up the
crumbs maybe we'll do that so I know it
usually seems like I'm on speed I'm not
even if more so today it's cuz we have
we have a time crunch the Russian Gus
Matthew this is just help you get nice
and even even granulars it was like that
we're granulars is that I said granulars
please confirm or deny they're really
granulars there's a couple dry like
little nuggets we'll keep those we'll
save those I don't know for what yet but
who cares it's just be hydrated me so so
you take that thrown in a little chicken
broth boom who cares it's fantastic it
it tastes like they said white cheddar
like the UH what would the what was that
one with the black bag like smart pop
smart corn all right now we got the that
red miso huh look at that but that still
had all the nice beans in it don't
matter we're entering into powder this
one's like chips this one should not be
a problem
ooh chocolatey funky all right let's
turn this into powder
remember tae-bo Chris hey you want to
try a couple powders but right is going
on Chris
[Music]
just taste it
bingo bingo kenji a cheddar easy like
like popcorn yeah that's we're making a
popcorn topping how good is that gonna
be we're gonna have to cancel the
episode and just make a product and sell
it special you just try the kraut get
your cat in there we gotta shoot this
before they finish their lunch
yeah we got him we haven't gotten this
good of a response out of Kristin's
mustard don't ever make this it's
terrible no no we'll talk after all
right yeah you get the shot I'll get the
shot powder shots of powders it makes me
feel like I'm a chemist if we're making
something you know an alchemist is that
what they call when you mix things
together and they like make some
alchemist that yeah come on get the shot
I forgot our powders all set all
powdered and yeah I think this would be
great on popcorn you know I was gonna
get some real nice heirloom you know
upstate New York kernels and do them on
the stovetop but we ain't got time for
that so we're getting we're gonna make
the bag popcorn in the microwave it's
fine it's fine we've all done it let's
try to figure this contraption out for
God's sakes
I guess we'll hit popcorn I have a
microphone I never I will hit start
popcorn all right great
so when's it done just guess we'll just
wait in the meantime let me go melt the
butter in the in the other microwave
Delaney Delaney what rusty powders but
try some patters yeah my mom said stay
with non-psychoactive easy clean buggers
brain on the tongue
we made some ferment do you want to try
some powder a little yeah why is the
word powder freak everyone else
popcorns pop and I hear it oh it smells
like it's burning yeah six seconds left
five I don't know it's smelling little
toasty I don't like when apart you know
what a burnt popcorn our sacrifice a few
kernels yeah right
big meow wait for that one's gonna punch
you right in the face hey wait for that
one's gonna punch you right in the face
[Applause]
that's the stuff put it on anything put
on a hot dog so we got a little salt
you know popcorn salt we're gonna use
butter as a fat all right so I really
like the kimchi powder
all right let's dab that in there okay
all right a little bit of the white miso
yeah well cheesy yeah like almost like
parmesan E right little pinch of that
yeah some of the crowd
another dab of kimchi yeah and a little
bit more of this yeah that seemed right
so just do that
well and we'll hit it with the you know
who you want anymore of anything else no
it's kind of good it's kind of perfect
we nailed it I put it in a nice bowl too
busy bud popcorn bowl right yeah
yeah we're gonna get him here we plate
this
let me plate this stuff huh alright
let's go find Claire Oh clearing hear
audible hey you wanna try some popcorn
yeah yeah bud get a pinch good - we
think thanks bud hey popcorn huh he ate
one kernel he went to that time he's
getting he's getting daring he tiptoed
now he's going for the Cannonball okay
it's greasy watch your shirt
sorry bud it's good that you like hey
guys put away any sensitive material I
have a camera with me popcorn get some
really oh and then the parrot yeah
priest hour right look I am I was gonna
put cayenne in it I had some out because
I was like let's just keep it true it
does need a little pinch of cayenne I
didn't want to develop no well meantime
you guys are shooting yeah take ten
minutes you're getting there try some
Lindsay oh yeah grease up that camera
all right so that's fermented powders
with popcorn
super easy delicious awesome on popcorn
but I think you could do it you can put
it on almost anything I think you know I
don't want to give away all my
million-dollar ideas but this stuff in a
whole bunch of different applications I
think this it's just a really fun way to
get different fermented flavors on the
foods without you know like I could
probably sprinkle this on something get
my kid to eat it you know have fun let
me know some cool things you do with the
powders if you try it it's awesome
have fun bone Appetit clean it up we got
another video this shoot before Clara
finishes in a salad
seven minutes then then they like blow
up so they're gonna that's their she's
gonna do that I'm not doing it I mean
what is it just sugar and she set it and
forget it
remember those Legos when that was like
a like a cooking commercial show and
then I remember it was like an audience
and every time they would do it you know
that said it forget a thing they big and
then you sitting in the crowd everyone
bag you said it and for you
[Music]

Title - Brad and Matty Matheson Go Noodling for Catfish Part Two | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
I'm Bradley Oni I'm from New Jersey City
my fermentations and doing pickles and
just vinegar in general from New Jersey
City New Jersey City where's that from
Baja Balkans today and it's alive yeah
hey guys saying it's alive we're back
down in here for part two noodling me
and Matty Matheson
we went have caught the fish in part one
now we're gonna meet back up with
skipper oh my goodness it's gonna be a
great day we're back here at skippers
house he's going to show us how to
fillet the catfish like we've never seen
before it's gonna get inspired I want to
do a little little fried tail more like
a schnitzel sandwich good prior to the
fryer to the fryer
where's your tail still in the water
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my god he's got a pig
aye skipper brought us out noodle and we
had a great day in part one skippers
house and one you know that maybe you
could show us how to how to break down
where these these monsters well I could
and I can and I will but you know you
being a chef I thought maybe you're
gonna show me something you know chefs
love learning and to see how you filet a
catfish is something that is like you're
miserable yeah I'm gonna do the dirty
work but you don't want to butter me up
okay here we go
sighs the tailgates look at that man
he's all the way across there you did
well you did well so you come right down
the back I love it love the technique
this is why we asked you skip yeah cuz
you're a pro but still buttering me up
didn't won't get no blood on you did you
fellas right there that's lab right
there
floor a freaking cod fillet I know
that's beautiful now we've got that
piece right there we'll take that down
just like yay now we've got a plan now
that Reds got to come off we'll wash it
up and we'll take that red off that Reds
not worth eating on a catfish yeah red
off yeah how come it's a texture tastes
like mud so a lot of people feel that
like catfish is like muddy right yeah
but if they're dressed and played right
they're really good eating fish I'm
telling you right now there ain't
nothing like a good old flat head for
cooking yeah well for a flat e over
anything else
I like the blues but I love the plan all
right you got this now I'm really glad
to show the skipper thank you
yeah I've done a few of these all right
bet you have all right there's our
there's our flat head belly Oh throw
that right on the parts yeah there's
some bone in there but you don't want to
waste that that's too good oh I'm
telling you that's some big old chunks
of meat boys that's gonna be good I hope
you guys do this up right now don't
y'all mess this up hi this is southern
style catfish this is crazy all right
now that one's done now wash her off
we'll get some fresh water running in
this in a second this meat we're clean
of course you want them a little rinse
process yeah look already alright here
we go let's process this
let me hose off the board real quick no
I'm good I'm good
you stand there and look pretty yes sir
there's nothing better than playing the
fish on a piece of plywood on the back
of a Chevy in the middle of Oklahoma wow
it's crazy like a view you guys could
just go get one of these every day if
you wanted a lot of stuff to eat around
here hauls yeah catfish that's a lot of
meat to get overnight you guys could go
get one of those in like fifteen minutes
yeah almost looks like it's a saltwater
fish yeah Red River is salty all right
brackish yeah not just from help in now
what you could do is take it over and
purge that out with fresh water watch
all the blood out of it get a good white
on up down up down up down there you go
keep going keep going keep going keep
going keep going
now just try try leaving it up there you
go got to be smarter than average water
I'm a country boy well he swallowed that
hook line and sinker so now we just
broke down the fish with skipper as we
were cutting you could see the meat was
real red now we're just rinsing them a
fret wood fresh water and pretty much
just cleaning all the blood out of the
meat when you're eating fish and people
say I don't like fish it's fishy it's
usually because they leave that people
leave the blood in it and the blood goes
bad not the knees now she's cleaning up
good guys we're gonna do this other one
you've been shown how now you're gonna
clean this one I want put some salt on
them do you jump into that fish I'll do
this alright we go same time you do that
all right skipper uh-huh you've seen
this done once once I already forgot but
hey what I'm thinking I want to do
something a little different with a
piece of this fish too I want to cut
like the tail mm-hmm right here don't
keep it whole I wanted to look like a
fried but from the tail down yeah from
the tail okay okay then once you get
through there you can pick that tail up
bro it when we're up there there you go
you hit the bone and I'm thinking whoa
like cuz we're gonna start hating guts
here yeah I got that angle yep
nope now what we probably need to skin
that dude though oh that's a good idea
skipper alright just got peel it off
with some pliers yeah let's see if we
can get a hold of it this way they're
slippery they are snickering snots what
I want toad
alright that's job there's that normally
we'd hang these up on a pole or
something back in the old day but
normally we just fillet them out off the
bone like you would have coffee or any
other fish since you're wanting to try
this bone in thing was gonna have to do
it I think are you gonna grill it no
Brian's gonna deep-fry laughs right okay
I'll grab these pliers just yank it and
pull up from that direction
all right look at there all right all
right that works now do you feel the
difference in the texture of this fish
what are your hand still like crazy
crazy no more fatty yeah he's a fattier
fish than the Platts texture I liked it
more - yeah you're just feeling it it's
less like fiery and now I'm just gonna
try to cut through watching fingers and
toes boys and girls and that is gonna be
very good and sucking it is what you're
telling this is gonna be delicious
okay now do we want to play the other
part off just the regular way yeah non
Broadway all right I'm gonna watch you
do it oh boy because you have been to
the skipper of Bivins fish skinning
school excellent oh you look like an old
pro you're doing good I'm gonna give you
an a-plus on that all right
blue ket Maximus from the Red River from
the brackish waters of the Red River in
Oklahoma that's beautiful that's a very
pretty yes any trout the texture is
unbelievably different but but this this
all has to come off you take that off I
would definitely take that off tastes
bad all right that's the number one
reason people don't like catfish as they
leave that red on there in fact I
challenge you to cook that up and eat it
tastes like dirt yeah let's take your
word for it skipper then I'm a locust
they're singing aren't they they sure
are they're singing the Phish song way
down deep in Oklahoma in the brackish
waters of the Red River if it lies a
blue cap very savory to the taste Bon
Appetit is there anything else on there
we can harvest yeah I reckon all right
there was a good piece we're up there
you just didn't get you not quiet all
the way in there if you had been paying
attention when I was showing you this
now look at that
hey wait for everybody they got to where
they wouldn't tell me how many days I'd
missed I wonder if I was fishing
I bet you were oh yeah that's cool you
got your whole family into it and like
not only that but like you're catching
food you know like when we go ahead and
cook this like we caught this fish you
know that we said about that yeah you
can go noodle in a few times and put up
enough fish to last you the season right
yeah biggest fish I've ever caught was
in East cash and he was a hundred and
eleven pounds that was how high that's
like you hold him right here and he
touches the ground his head was thirty
six inches around his head he was a foot
between his eyes look at blue cat and
bad-to-the-bone buddy I'm talking about
whoo put that smack daddy bite on you
and you just shake for all the world Wow
Oh Maddie's was a little bit bigger than
mine mine was probably like twenty pounds
hisses what pushing forty knots that you
notice that I'm pretty sure yeah he put
a thumping on you he put a whupping on
you hey why'd you let him do that yeah
but when you know he doubled you got
this twenty pound and he's gonna be like oh
man I caught one twice that big that's
all right you know I my egos fine but
you know we both got one and I think
that's most of us the most complete oh
yeah and you did it with your bare hands
you don't have any hooks you didn't have
any we basically put that fishing that's
fine
definitely we definitely put in this lab
you gotta primed up yeah so forth
turn it off and now give me that pump
start that you were given come on come
on how's that working out oh you don't
have to pump that thing that happens oh
I bet we had a firefighter do that and
we give him hell for twenty years
these guys are tricksters out here man a
lot of tricksters out here tell ya
they're messing with us all right
I think these guys are gonna fool around
and cook some really big chunks of meat
now when we're cooking catfish we're
going to cook the piece about that size
right there no bigger no thicker because
if you do you're going to get the piece
that doesn't taste very good kiss keep
it simple stupid or you will master this
fish you of it I can't wait to see what
these boys do with it because I got a
feeling it's gonna be hilarious what are
we doing there maybe we do the cat the
slaw in there we'll do this log maybe in
here and this will do we don't need now
this is a mate with us so free-balling
oh dude this is spective us free ball
thing we've ever done
huh you guys are incredible what so bone
Appetit magazine is like one of the most
like most precious most acylated one of
the greatest food magazines of all time
and then I was so excited to come and
see inside of the crew and like what
happens behind the scenes a bow nap and
you know what it's the exact same as
everywhere else it's a show we're in the
middle of like a quality programming and
like there's not thirty stylists you know we
got it we got it oh no it's incredible
look at this you know you know how I
like Mary like it approachable you know
we're just pro hanging out with skipper
we're not shooting no freaking food show
this isn't Godzilla for know there's no
swaps no there's no swap roles the rich
look at this so yeah skipper showed us
how to break these bad boys down these
big boys fish and now we're gonna now
we're gonna celebrate them we're gonna
cook them oh my goodness real simple I
know you you're a sandwich guy I'm gonna
say which guy
I love a fried fish sandwich there's
nothing better than like really good
creamy coleslaw a fried piece of crispy
buttery fatty white fish yeah yeah keep
talking that's it I was picking skippers
brain a bit cornmeal seems to be the way
to go
I'll make the cornmeal oh you make the
dredge but I'll make some dredge a
little paprika little paprika right
little paprika
oh I'm season in the cabbage as we go
here sweating on it are you sweating on
a Brad it's alive human sweat is
fermentation little cayenne pepper I
like a spicy old bay will be very nice a
little pepper oh this is picante I'm
gonna stir this with some tongs yeah get
in the teeth you know just we're gonna
we're gonna do this with tongs here then
I'm going to see how salty this is
because that old bay is pretty salty
actually and a garlic powder that is a
little salty too garlic powder garlic
powder so D a minute is it no sorry this
should be zero saw there's no
ingredients that's salty I had zero salt
that's salt a steel bit yeah old bay so
salty
that's all right cool i love yelling no
little hot Duke's or what nothing better
for mayonnaise and sitting out at one hundred
degree weather and I don't need me to
add some more mail it's that more mail
yeah a little bit oh no no oh my god is
that nice so I had a little pickle juice
to the coleslaw yeah hit me hit me you
know what's amazing this is hot this is
incredible this I just put my fingers
and this is hot no it's hot Oh what
about the onion I want like some raw
onion in there do you think or didn't
put that in secondary like as a level
like on the sandwich I see a level or
you want to put it in let's put it in
let's put it in
that's the making one stop shop let's
make the coleslaw a long one stop shop
what would skipper do what would skipper
do I doubt
do any of this yeah fried up catfish
that was just noodled dude we're
Noodlers we're officially newer fish oh
yeah yeah I reckon the trick is you got
to preheat the mayonnaise see what you
heat it is what are you doing it's
bringing out the mustard bringing out
the flavors I want to do a follow-up
video like tomorrow when we all have
diarrhea on the plane yeah that's it but
that's the stuff okay let's give that a
mixie these skipper skipper's gonna be
so proud more acid here wild man mm-hmm
please pop this in the fridge but only
ninety eight down there
I'm over into my hands Berg that is good
that's good do a cleanup that means I
have to clean this up coz there's no one
no one here hi I'm Anna are all here hey
we're not gonna do like a big deep deep
fry I think we treated like a schnitzel
schnitz fry yeah like I'd like it like a
stranger fry yeah okay let's go fire
marshal homeboy jet engine - this is so
gnarly
we're just cooking on the driest patch
on the farm the possible oh that's
beautiful
Harley the collar yeah buddy okay hey
your schnitzel man I'm schnitzel man I'm
gonna go come on
now okay good talk knock well yeah I'm
Bob no way room for another big boy yeah
buddy
I am the light that's all right you know
I my egos fine
we wanted to get Chris Plouffe on the
outside you know for like a nice little
crispy shell inside would be the nice
fried catfish juicy on the inside a
little crispy on the outside yeah yeah
just flip it now look at that look at
that
yeah buddy okay I'm gonna get the bun
ready Kay this has got to be done yeah
one hundred percent yeah buddy there's a little morro
bay on top well it's hot you want to
just you know the hot crispy all the
breadcrumbs are all the corn meals
crispy a little extra Bay whoo hotmail
flighting how we doing skip before you
try that okay you dab a little bit of
that on it right there okay that's my
world-famous the tartar sauce right
there be careful it's dangerous that you
get some of that on your forehead your
tongue will beat your brains out trying
to get to it dude I'm excited about this
[Music]
now you try that you tell us Robbo okay
Brad tell us what you think
hmm let's go for a drive good good you
can't you try like hell but tell me we
couldn't do without you skip catfish is
such a bad rap everyone says it's muddy
it's not it's not money there's like one
of the greatest fishes I've ever had and
that's the thing you just got to get
fresh fish like once again you got to
know your skippers a fisherman you gotta
know your fishing folk you gotta know
everybody it's hot oh look at that look
at the color on that
wow that was a piece of the one that you
call it the flathead yeah that was a
piece of the belly you see how it's got
like those real like fing down lines on
it so there's a little bit of connective
tissue in there then you're gonna chew
on a little bit but the flavor
super-clean
I like that has got some chew yeah right
it's also had zero time I think that
this would be a lot better actually if
we dried it out
salted it lets it twenty four hours sure this
thing was like full rigor mortis don't
try this Taylor yeah let's get the tail
what do you think it's a falling off the
bone is hot the hot hot very different
very different this was the no spring
yet oh yeah I like the I like the blue
cats that is fantastic
all right clear the sandwiches it's all
about the tail that's awesome that's
awesome back here this is a part of the
tail little hot this is where you gotta
get a lot of seasoning on it just a
little salt bud got a lot of seasoning
on it too much that's not oh that's good
it's not that Skippy
you got to open up your palate I'm
telling you right now you boys did a
pretty good job for your first time out
first time here here's to you animal
did you guys hear rub back edges okay
rub back at your table plug yeah yeah
okay
children's nacho Brad okay
outro outro man I am so moral of the
story here folks get to know people like
skipper and Maddie get in the water try
noodle and break out of your comfort
zone because that's what we're all about
break out your comfort zone like Mary's
like me working with Brad break out your
comfort zone this was not comfortable
for me sticking my feet in a hole inside
of a prick you loved it I loved it ok
let's go feed the crew I've got the crew
going appreciate ya I'm coming back man
we're gonna thank you yeah smack daddy
Bon Appetit Bon Appetit tell us what you
want to see me and Brad do next yeah we
did the noodle and cookie here but we
pulled through man sir men of our word
okay
also let us know in the comments below
where we should go next next year all
right
here you guys a go is it Antarctica I
don't know hello guy at our table is it
is it halibut fishing in Alaska I don't
know
is this skydiving for pigeons is that
thing
Matta getting warm
um no I'm good I'm not a very
comfortable temperature right now
actually holy christ almighty Bivins
[Music]

Title - Brad and Matty Matheson Go Noodling for Catfish Part one | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
you ever hear you know I've been dying
to do it
go noodling Oh what to quit the Pat this
do you know hey guy saying it's live
down here in Oklahoma we're teamed up
with skipper
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Bluetooth connected all right we're in
babe oh we need Marty dude Marty Robbins
did you know convoy time wait sweetie
Oh Marty take it easy we're gonna do a
little noodle and right Hansie just get
in the van or the SUV got old Matty
Matheson himself here and have a good
old time let's go get it up this wait
for no one but noodle no
[Music]
alright you've got the car load up got
me and Maddy here and we're gonna go
meet up with a man named skipper I'm
gonna be doing a little bit of noodling
for catfish I had to how to do it
you know once we planted that seed
during the fish taco episode there was
no turning back man put up a video about
just about anything people like yeah
that's great how about you go noodling
make a really nice tank in like an
air-conditioned bakery no I'm a like hit
me in the dirt baby I love this live
yeah it will say skipper that's it you
nailed it man
biggest fears about noodling Wow only I
grew up around snapping turtles and I've
seen the devastation of that dinosaur
beak they have and I hope I would love
not to do an encounter with them I don't
know if they bite underwater maybe
that's not a thing Crick oh yeah that's
what we're doing yeah at least there's
no Gators down here you know I know they
scare me shit you know they'll they'll
actually eat you you know a snapping
turtle worst case Ontario oh you know
you lose a couple fingers new one scares
me top to bottom going into a creek it's
what you can't see the bottom
you don't wanna it ruins it it's just
mud down there yeah this is big that
you're talking about the snakes I don't
think they're down here
however here boys that's good good good
thanks for having us Brad yeah nice to
meet you oh man or what I don't want to
see any staff returns if I see a
snapping turtle or a box yeah a water
moccasin if I see a snake dude I'm like
leaving this is like don't words I don't
care every person in the world can who
me I don't I'm not here to noodle I'm
here for Brad Brad's my buddy
now we're here noodling we're Oklahoma
and we're about to go into a creek yeah
and it's just you know it's not a good
situation for me mentally I'm mentally
fragile right now and I'm scared and I
just don't know what is gonna be
happening because you can't see so it's
like imagine going into the creek the
creek is brow okay it's brown son it's
not like crystal clear beautiful it's
not a pool because we're songs so the
boobs socks and a tube socks tube socks
you got to feel what you're doing but
the next and you feel the holes and you
feel the holes hopefully pull out a
giant water slug ball noodle it's called
noodling
what do you do uh sorry no trespassing
oh god this buzzards posted no
trespassing hunting fishing make sure
you get that loan corn there Hansie
Hansie that's the ticket I mean that's
the award that's the Webby
these trees man you know when they hang
over into the creek yeah they get you
know that's water moccasins do you stay
away from the trees
[Music]
yep
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll keep the AG bug yeah I brought it I
should turn the car off huh yeah oh come
on get them out of here bro it's rubber
what the hell my ass
we got cottonmouth here cotton I told
you comprehend yeah
rattlesnake yep it's gonna be exciting
it's gonna be real it's gonna be a lot
of danger everybody that has survived
this trip has thoroughly enjoyed
excellent we got snapping turtles down
here Maddie you look great I got my
lucky fishing shirt on yeah it's got a
swath because they know patients may
know patient O'Keefe's fishin is
patience and hard work Maddie and
getting over fears but I guess not fears
it's like literally they just said that
there's there's like five different
snakes
[Music]
when you pop open a cold one you're
gonna have a story to tell it's not
gonna be hangout member this one time I
was cooking this shrimp oh he was bad to
the bone well bite in the foot hi guys
hey down here
beautiful Oklahoma and rub my buddy
Maddie with me and we're gonna be doing
a little bit a little bit of noodle for
catfish we don't skip a bivens here
that's what I'm talking about yeah you
boys are here it's fixing to happen this
is the real deal right here yeah ain't
no stunt man it's gonna be you that's
gonna be one-on-one mano and monocyte I
know you guys are our chefs or could you
call yourself a chef I know what I am
anymore
human being man of the world well
fragile man the thing about it is before
you can cook a fish you actually got to
catch it
we're not going to the deep freeze to
get one that we're gonna get him right
out here and I make them one hundred one hundred twenty pounds
okay that's like me same size he's gonna
run up and he's gonna thump you bottle
and you he'll bite and shake like a but
they don't have teeth right there's no
TV blade through two pair of socks why
are they playing feet I think you do the
noodling with that hey it's gonna be a
little bit deeper water where you going
on you're gonna go on deeper water now
if he's back in a hole seven or eight
foot and he bites you you need your
hands to pull yourself out you're gonna
be doing some clones okay sister so they
drew you you're fishing with your feet
and they drag you you're gonna be
fishing with your feet Rose it's a
beaver hole so imagine yourself going
into a cave under the water
come on slide yourself back in there and
the fish is gonna run up and bite you
boom hopefully it's a fish and not a
beaver all these holes are dug by beaver
we have beaver snapping turtle we've got
six-foot alligator gar with the
alligator gar Oh see mine are in his
hand looks like an alligator when he
rises down it looks like an alligator
he's got really really sharp ripping
razors he's got a built-in tenderizer if
he hit you whoa you like it around here
man this is Oklahoma
did one stupid joke we made this video a
really nice video inside a safe little
boy overrated thank you tacos it was
very net and he made like a joke about
going noodlin and then now we're here
and this is like there's alligator gars
and there's there's cottonmouth the
holes I just saw beaver okay there's all
kinds of stuff breaking in this taco
dude if you're gonna do fish you got to
do it right you're gonna have to deep
fried grasshoppers crawdads everything
we tried whoa caught a little flak for
some boys up in North Carolina
oh no South Carolina they're like oh
yeah you're probably going out they dig
boxes and hold make their own holes
I don't think skips that kind of guy oh
no no no we're doing the real deal these
are beaver holes fish takes it over
fives the beaver that I was I knew I was
coming to Oklahoma about a year ago like
I can tell that rodeoin and you grab a
hunk of mine and ride that's it that's
sir
yeah you just ride me like a little pony
that's alligator bought alligator gar
baby and you hold me skip let's get you
guys in the water for a couple of freaks
our cameraman please toss them out
toward the end they all wore a way if
they fail you can hold your arm up your
camera the car that was our blush I run
over there
directly where we're going yeah you're
gonna see them you're gonna feel them
they're gonna be brushing up against you
just look at it don't leave those big
old Turtle heads over there so yeah what
do they feed on about a four footer
anything that moves
[Music]
when you're in the water are actually
get some at the whole Union make sure
you put your hands under the water
snakes you're gonna be up here you don't
wanna grab a root maybe a snake okay
keep doing this a long time we've only
last is going to reach up here and grab
a hold of whatever you can grab a hold
of it you don't wanna grab a snake upon
the bank well we get Aaron oh you're
getting out there always grabbing up
there any time keep your hands on to the
wall we're gonna want to hold on to
something yanked you down there you're
gonna want to grab up don't do that and
if you do does that maybe I'm
overreacting for camera to I'm cool oh
[Laughter]
yeah I'm going full river otter Matty I
can stand here I'm standing here I don't
want to be but I'll skip this ahead
shower more shallow you're shooting like
this I like this sound guy do I don't
like this one bit
yeah but we can't walk that can we walk
around and go down there no thanks
my bag yeah
[Music]
[Laughter]
you're welcome going on I've got a hotel
man I don't know if he's in here but I
want you to fill over hole I mean
something could have been Bieber I don't
know go in slow port your tone could be
a beaver well I could always wait to be
crazy
you think you trees down I'll stick my
foot in great you'll be fine if you
touch something you don't know what it
is that's why you go slow man all right
finesse I want you step over me crazy
what's he doing he's sticking his foot
yeah Oh God
okay that's your foot that's my foot now
fill the bottom wafer to it fill the
bottom feel the same now all right I'm
going between my legs all right
my god both things in there both feet
all right I'm in the hole I don't see no
see both feet in the hole straightening
I got it back up oh you want me go in
the hole with it oh my god no way get
your feet down so come on you'll get out
now if you don't set on bottom if he's
in there put my both legs in honey I
wanted don't lady now I'm out I'm in
here now sit down sit down
I'm up to my waist in the hole here skip
yeah Phil up down left and right
get up guys
I don't feel like a fish girl he's he's
gonna be in there I'm telling you don't
go under the water though lift your foot
up
oh my god I'm covering the out your toe
feeling hey don't worry about it this is
what you've been trained to be trained
yes
Iola go go down just a little bit going
I've had for a long time oh my god I pee
a lot when I'm in the water
are you kidding red digs up now if he
bought your foot let him hang on get
your I didn't pull out he let go
oh okay now look what's it feel like
when he bites put your other foot in his
mouth and lip on my elbow Fry's mouth
open like that and then we can pull him
to the edge the whole time
the initial bite I'm past he's not real
bad or we'd hurt him is that your foot
already feel fill up house again I think
he's floating high up on you oh yeah I
feel some bitchin find his mouth with
your foot he gets up there close you can
get your hand in my home anything I
think my testicles could you make me
some chocolate-covered grasshoppers
absolutely whatever you need this whole
I locked me out of this creepy other
ones is this a creepy not her Burroughs
way in there it's tight going in but
[Laughter]
skip is like literally messing with us
at the whole time no this fish is in
here staying high on me yeah he's in
there this is a tough hole I got I got
to give it to you this is a tough hole
look all right get in there like with my
food go stick my head in there
this guy's pissing me off well oh my god
I can't believe I'm trying to get him to
bite my feet wedge in there find his
laughs crazy oh oh my god is big don't
let don't let it hold out oh are you
sure yeah I was worried about these boys
I got there what are we do and then we
just tied to like a raft tied to you how
do you know okay where do we do with
this fish now that we haven't we're in a
ghost feel like a pack you walk it oh my
god like wow what did you think about
that bite when he bit you on the foot
that initial time that initial place it
was freaky yeah it's a blast
oh Jesus skipper
tell me forgive me just gave me just
enough room to bring him out but you
staying hold about me too
all right so I'm gonna let him out and
stem a plug I don't know hold on I got
to get me out of this I got a member to
my legs
no raise up in lady man let him out back
up a little back here he goes now you
know I'm in oh yeah baby there oh yeah
hey you're not gonna get stumped yeah
buddy that's a blue key I reckon McKenna
we are you big ugly son of bitch like
I'll do anything despite the size of a
baseball
torrential its rate of my face which is
this blue cat blue kid ya bub I'm babay
okay yesterday you couldn't spell
noodles we Came we conquered badly
sticking my foot in there feeling around
and once you get in the hole baby said
it's a beaver hole so it's like a big
cavern the fish was actually up above
where my feet were and the first time he
whoever on me snapped at me bit my foot
and let's go scare the hell out of me
now what we're gonna do is we're gonna
look for his great-grandpa yeah fifty sixty seventy
pound er I couldn't don't even imagine
it's unbelievable if we can get one on
your foot that's pretty cool
I know we caught you know I named her
Katherine yes that's kind of weird but I
named her Katherine and Maddie's up next
I think we're gonna link into a big one
this is if I had a guess twenty pounds okay
solid muscle yeah hopefully I think
Maddie's gonna hook up on a nice
fifty-pounder gonna fucking turn him
yeah so Wow NAB's a selfie
got my first noodle in catfish now what
we gonna do we're gonna well we're gonna
do some running and gutter we're gonna
look for a big guy we got this guy we
got it out of the way we're not gonna
get stumped right how we're gonna run
and gun and we're gonna check some
really big holes and we catch one it
should be a big couple big boys we've
got to get him oh wow I'm a dope this
river feel good now it feels great in
the water let the water take you where
you want to go that's it's a tool that
is do I mean there's none no things that
you can't know about this river like for
instance I'm peeing right now
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
they're pretty sneaky though are you a
man to drive at a time' - I'm blowing up
the elbows somebody somebody let in -
let's go back let's go upstream here I
feel like I should have like this is the
most primitive zero tools zero just
dragging your bodies across a rocky
bottom Creek just using our noodles is
that what it's called noodling cuz you
use your noodle under that Bank I went
that way keep going
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
where'd you go
skip don't do that not now Joey
Oh go all the way oh we got a parable we
got a pear boy
[Music]
yeah yeah boys get in get up here man
come on he's right here he's right here
right low
were you using like a human net we're
just going back and forth there's about
a foot and a half water trying to pounce
on a catfish this noodlin Matt hold
position I want you ready like a Bengal
tiger nothing gets past it before we put
this next drive on how long you uh how
long you been noodling for that I don't
remember when I got started my dad said
I caught my first one when I was four
it's pretty neat though man I like it a
lot
well you'd like it a lot more if we
talked this fish I said you don't like
it well enough catches fish let's put
this driver I will push him make the big
boy Maddy
all right just imagine that you haven't
eaten a day
the Stars and this is it the family
depends on this fish this guy shooting
the calendar over there
oh yeah
I'm spread - we got the bride net full
swing here we got to get you to help
fill the hole
he's get past him at my one past me
why see skip man does it get old this is
Martha I like I know it's going to
happen and it still doesn't get old
because I'm still petrified I'm laying
in here just as I'm lazy and I'm tired
and my feet hurt walk on the rocks but
afraid enough to get okay
welcome oh my god look that smarter I
told you to wear long game he took them
on my toes are sensitive I've always
been I was never allowed to touch my
mama's feet and and and I think it
transfer it transferred to me and I
don't like when people touch my feet and
now I'm putting my feet whole in a bank
Oklahoma fucking Creek my best friend
skipper and Brad
I hope you didn't lady mouth I didn't
close the gay did you let him out
wait denied you man him out I didn't
love my him out skipper
I don't I don't know what do you think
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my goodness is that the same kind or
than a bull that's mine oh that bad boy
no I'm don't loads um this is my dog
that's your butt oh my god my guys way
bigger yeah big boy oh I'm a GP s-- this
name Ezekiel Ezekiel would you put your
feet in there oh I don't like the feet
with your hands Prime yeah
Oh
Baronessa Maddie you walk here you want
lunch home I'm gonna pick up a little
traction first two hands pulls up spider
garbage I have a hard time with the
pawns I don't like spiders yeah you come
out beautiful stuff you know hopefully
folks can do this for generations you
guys awesome fun stop leaving your
garbage everywhere people come on it is
first off it's like one hundred degrees out it's
only ninety five honey degrees out take your
little feet and stick them in holes and
take a little fist oh this is no walk it
out Newlands the best look at this day
bud caught that with you would you bare
hands Matt no that's awesome buddy dude
oh yeah thank you
[Music]
we get a little caterpillar I get them
Browns but you know good already you
just had one
I'm just trying to either pretty thanks
buddy all right guys that's noodle in
part one hope you had a blast I know me
and Maddie did noodling noodling hell
with day man I tell you skipper classic
huge huge massive human beautiful soul
inside of now I'm just I couldn't be
more happy man and we actually you know
we're good back you know by almost a
year ago
Oh making fish tacos talking about maybe
going noodling look at this and now
we're here me I went noodles the magic
I'm glad we got to do it noodle and was
freaking fantastic you're fantastic
now let's head back around head back
skipper's house yeah and let's cook up
them fish McCall huh
I won't cut the fish yeah well fish fry
go away yay just do it
hey just natural okay let's go cook some
fish hey yeah well I say it you don't
say it alright let's go catch some fish
hey just givers whatever we're gonna
take this on the road take this on the
road yeah
now we wanna go skydiving
I wanna go catch a big old tuna raji
real go tuna Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia Nova Scotia yeah they got
him up there with Dean Dean no I know
that's right guys you told me make in
the comments you hit the subscription
button you in the comments you comment
you did you call me you email me all of
it
all of that keep your hat or go to
Antarctica see a penguin yeah man I'd
love to go to Alaska and you have oh we
can make a you who watch see me and
Maggie go to Alaska who was a sense to
me element
calaboose schism he's a trouble he's a
joker he's a joker this
skip he likes to play around he likes to
fighting my daddy
yeah can you hold onto this actually I
don't believe that I don't understand
like it's scary
I feel noodling scary you literally put
your hand in a hole no matter this is a
bad idea from the gate yeah and then the
Internet
have made us do this there's
people-pleasing
this is people-pleasing this is not I
never wanted to do and you fucking you
made a joke right yeah that's how it
happened maybe we'll go noodle it maybe
we'll go dude the most dangerous fishing
of all time maybe we'll go stick our
hands in some murky water holes and with
cottonmouths cottonmouth snapping
turtles snapping turtles yeah I don't
even know what else down there do you
know what if you drink the water why'd
you get water in the ears I don't want
your egg now you know what I get from
that exterior you get a serious ear
infection down here but we're not we
don't know I'm like a simple little baby
oh these microorganisms gonna hit you up
I'm gonna get out maybe I'll be skinny
okay
the catfish you're gonna love it man
they smell that we got a couple northern
boys I even when I felt weird I like my
a saw my ESOP nice like body wash are
you there I can see really and then I
just like do I use this down here dude
skipper tell you get the hell out you
show up with an esop all over you I know
I smell so nice now but then we're gonna
go in the it is lovely cranium the
terenia yeah this episode ruling brought
to you by hand cream's and the bow
fragrance body scrubs
they say that company with a bow the boo
I use it I don't get so dry anymore
because I'm so moisturized from all the
expensive side of state natural tipped
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Fermented Citrus Fruits | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
action little more energy please thank
you I would do a little in shock I was
gonna say going places
I remember how we do these here we go
action
hey guys saying it's alive we be doing a
little fermented citrus a little
lacto-fermented citrus it's kind of a
riff on like a preserved lemon preserve
citrus kind of thing packed in salt
where it gets kind of you know we're
gonna be fooling around with a few
different types real simple process a
little bit of salt vacuum bag room
temperature controlled rot to get going
oh that's disgusting give that a little
rinsing poo
yeah you gotta take care of tools man
okay what it is you know it's a pencil a
vacuum sealer or a printing press yeah
take care of tools man talk to myself
[Music]
all right Oh before we get before we get
going a little bone the pick a meal
Stanek guy he we had he was all fired up
about this um fermentation experiment
and he it was cool I was into it too I
was like yeah I like this but he did it
and he put it in this jar and we popped
it over in the fermentation station oh
boy oh boy he forgot about it I went
over there today I was like well I I
forgot about it's been I mean weeks if
not maybe a month or two yeah I looked
in there man and it went rogue it's gone
it's gone biowarfare on us I'm not gonna
clean it but I wanted to I wanted to
call him out I ain't opening it no this
is sealed unit bud huh you trust me no
one wants it are you going there I mean
I might get spores in the face look I
left a little peep deal that ain't
supposed to be there
this ain't it's not like some weird
Scobie just because it's a controlled
rot doesn't mean you need to neglect it
Oh a little bit came out there was
disgusting
we're gonna do some kumquats and this is
all by weight if you gotta get if you
don't have yourself a little digital
scale it's a fantastic tool to invest in
and I like to do things by grams you
know real precise it's just the way it
should be you know I don't even get me
started
what's that to thirty forty to forty eight all right
we'll call that oh I'll take a small one
out and put a big one in two hundred fifty remember
that I thought you were leaving Gaby
all right kumquats first move oh you
like that right that's the new that's
the new big boy
you're that badass huh yeah the big boy
it's the upgraded version of the
original I still got that one I'll never
let go that knife I love that make but
here's a little more a little
high-performance model you know it was
exactly nice kumquats and I'm gonna have
them and then we're gonna take let me go
take the seeds out this is just like a
fancy chopsticks like a plating
chopstick it's actually Morocco's i
borrowed it without asking christian
mind if I use your little chopstick yeah
so I just used that he poked in there
and you try to you know hit out if the
little obvious ones boom see ya pew I'm
gonna steal a name but that oh you know
that looks like a kumquat a little warm
in here
well Anna Stockwell showed up to work
today I don't know where to hell
everyone else is Gaby you came in late
you're leaving early yeah living the
life man that test get to manage your
life yeah well Gaby got in here you know
she's done she's done a great job she
got rid of a lot of stuff that I've been
hoarding for years and but she
reorganized a lot of things and I don't
know where the hell I get anything is
anymore by saying hey you made it you
hate everything like oh the juicers the
citrus juicers were here no we got let's
put
well alright
yeah they saw the blood orange the blood
orange i nip off the tops look at that
bad boy
it's a beaut let's get a weight on that
bad boy one hundred forty six let's just so let's just say
one hundred fifty what the hell and I like to do
things by grams you know real precise
and then we just do a little slice you
slice well ringing ringing I've never
done the blood orange one before we're
gonna learn together if this one's oh
we're happy to be doing oh no you got it
if this will work out well see how it
reacts you know this might kind of fall
apart and get weird just because of how
much like segments there is how much
water content juices in there and then
maybe but that's cool we can use the
liquid too let's get away should we do
yes do lines
two hundred twenty unzile I'm and let's do you know
what the hell is it'll do a little might
we'll do three Meyer lemons - I like
Meyer lemons you know the beautiful a
gorgeous but a lot some people think and
I get it I can kind of get that like
medicinally cleaner product aroma if you
would Rocco you might you like Meyer
lemons yeah right what's the problem
right yeah they're out there probably
wrap oh I can't see wrap Oh like in a
Meyer lemon Oh three hundred on the dot the reason
we wrote down our weights is because
we're gonna add two percent salt by
weight so say this is two hundred fifty grams that's
probably a easy none Z easy number two hundred fifty
times point zero two five grams salt all
right flying right through this one hundred fifty
times point zero to it that's like one
of the only things I remember from that
class in school is how to find
percentages of numbers great of one hundred fifty
times point zero two three grams boom
all right I'm flying to - I feel like
I'm flying through a test you know
anything you you got you probably a lot
of you probably feel filled feel or felt
this way often but
but but I didn't when you were taking
the testing you like news but you knew
the answers like yeah that's a yeah it's
a B I'm one hundred percent sure and you like feel good
you're all pepped up not depressed after
you take the test it wasn't often whoo
now what do you mean slow clap how do we
beat NICs now all two of us yeah my I
was born in eighty five sir no Big D I was in
eighth grade when you were a senior boom
all right the kids ain't here so clap my
here we go oh man Morocco oh please do
okay kumquats
five grams boom let that hang out next
trick three grams nailed it
that's a three gram paint that right
there you call three grand pinch
it's not even in color I don't know who
Brian Bosworth is looks like a good
movie he's inspirational speech the
Travolta okay we'll try to make our own
movie here slow clap right there let's
go get it going guys appreciate you I
see I got it this low clap let's get it
go and then it speeds up everyone's
going but Chris no one's here only we
showed up for work today but and Anna
Stockwell and Matt now we can't we can't
address you too soon okay
we're gonna add this to this okay huh no
did we ever weigh this I'm losing my
mind
they sawed that twice now no right okay
oh it was three hundred dot memorize know what I
nailed three hundred for that Myers so three hundred huh
what's to put steeper saying it three hundred
slick six point zero two six did you
know that yeah me neither
all right let's see if we can get a six
grand pinch that feels good yeah uh-huh
let's try that again one more time kind
of calibrate my pinch six grand pinch
coming right up four and now we do a
little toss you toss you got brains I'm
Brad what's that what movie is that from
slick Oh perfect now we can get ready to
ferment I'm gonna do I love cardamom big
big fan I got these pods right here
i'ma crush one boom and we'll add that
to the Meyer lemon we'll add that to the
kumquat get this out here put on Andy
station he's on vacation he's on his
twelve fication this year it's April
must be nice huh
[Music]
oh we were in Hawaii I'm glad you asked
shooting some just fantastic stories
should be by the time this one comes out
hopefully I think it'll be out already
so I got this nice here a little vacuum
sealer I like to do a double seal on the
ends here this takes a little time but
it's not bad
because I don't just trust one you know
we got too much on the line here which
is what we're gonna do is we're gonna
make a little bag vacuum seal it lightly
not crazy to crush it but suck the air
out and as it ferments as fermentation
does it's consuming little
microorganisms are consuming and they're
giving off they're giving off carbon
dioxide yeah carbon monoxide's one that
kills you hey both okay right they're
giving off gases and it'll start to puff
up the bag oh hey rapper
do you like Meyer lemons I knew it
everyone was like who doesn't like Meyer
lemons I go I bet you rapo doesn't ninety six
half viewers are weren't even born yet
yeah that's true it's two thousand nineteen Oh two thousand nineteen minus
nineteen Oh twenty three yeah I bet you ninety three Jesus Christ
you're born in ninety two
yeah license operate the camera now it's
simple we just put our product in the
back oh you gotta watch me do this it's
called the show Brad so it was literally
what we're doing okay here we go here's
nothing
boom up at the top here I'll go for
another double seal we've got it all
this way we're gonna build up some
pressure I don't know any things popping
on there you know blowing a gasket boom
a air brake shots boom right in post-ups
well the trailer park boys we gotta get
the trailer boys I know Maddie's got him
he's worked with him he's Canadian
though it's got that on me you got that
on me Maddie okay let's do the blood
oranges these will lay out nice and
delicate because I think they're gonna
want to really let that that liquid out
excited to see how these bad boys come
out bad boy well being big doesn't
necessarily make you bad that's the
difference the bad boys just bad it's
nasty junkyard dog bad boy here we go
okay vacuum seal
look if you wanted to fool around but if
you wanted to like put some crushed you
know see this red pepper flake in there
that probably awesome or like a cinnamon
stick you know what I mean like fool
around have some fun with it this is
just an inspirational piece every time
one of them it's always one so he's one
oh dang you can't use mine you're the
villain okay how's that we're both
what's that called we squashed it squash
the beef right I'm just gonna lay these
out in the fermentation station on a
sheet tray if you wanted to speed this
up you could lay it out on a sheet tray
with like one of those seeding heat mats
under it the ones that you could like
you know sprout seeds from or like folks
put them in there like lizard lizard'
tanks where they keep their pet lizard
or whatever lizards don't like you they
just wish they were big enough to eat
you anyway
no we'll come back and I'll let you know
when to come back
[Music]
kill him music kill the fun get over
here oh no not you I was yelling at
Hansie damn boy
okay
so we left off so I put these back in
the tray all right close your eyes close
your eyes call your mother
oh darling call your mother call your
mother yeah that bud huh
there's a little airplane pillow so you
fly to someone's wedding oh you got a
gift for him it'll be your travel
although they probably will definitely
not let you up this is not getting
through TSA but for fermentation station
it's what we call a success we've got
our kumquats that kind of look like Sun
gold Tomatoes our second liter up here
with gas give off is the Meyer lemons
and then we also did the blood oranges
which ferment it a little less but still
pretty cool none nonetheless
and then lastly and certainly they
weren't the sexiest limes to begin with
but these just didn't really do much
they kind of got like an ugly color
might be a fail but you fail moving you
fail forward or whatever the saying is
you know you learned some things so
let's cut these bags open and taste our
fermented citrus and then I'm gonna take
some squid I'm gonna just a little salt
pepper olive oil Grill it up real nice
crispy and then we'll slice that cold
and make a little fermented kumquat herb
squid salad I'm just gonna give a little
relief pop okay oh it smells fantastic
Oh smell I mean a smells like citrus
like punch in the nose
but it has a little mild hint of like
little mild into alcohol to it as well
and the texture loses that like bumpy
kind of skin that kumquats are as
hitters tend to have and it looks smooth
it really does look like like a gold
grape tomato oh that's gonna be so good
on fish on squid I wouldn't even mind
putting a little slice of that on a raw
oyster oh all right
who that minced up in a little yogurt
with some lamb whoo
on to the blood orange I mean blood
oranges they're pretty though now the
blood oranges are a little weird not
quite sure what to do with them yet but
the segment look at that fruit I mean it
kept some of those there's a little
juice sacs I mean it's all right
my dad's fired up about it I'm not gonna
throw it away I'll put it in a jar we'll
figure out something to do with it and
then lastly the ugly ducklings the old
lines here I think the thing with the
limes is getting really or anything that
you're doing is getting really ripe ones
those were not yeah I said I'll pack
them I'll pack them all on the jars but
but these two by far we're just home
runs and those were the ones that
fermented the most by gas give off in
the bag so well interesting there yeah
so finish this off I'm gonna take one
and a half of these kumquats and just
mince it up if you could do this in a
mortar and pestle I really just want to
make a paste now he's got a little
shallot turn out a little extra virgin
olive oil yeah a decent amount that's
nice like that oh good catch you catch
that Oh we'll do a little black pepper
oh look how good that looks already huh
Oh what do you want to put that over
squid well you're in luck it's cooking
right here folks that's how I like
cooking yeah you get inspired by what
you're doing a pinch of salt sea salt
what recipes all right now and then you
know but a too often you know I can't
right no no that's not true I can good
script to her cursor they don't do that
no more do they all right
that's fooling around I'm gonna slice up
the squid love squid Oh so tender hot
and fast on the grill whoo whoo boom one
of the most sustainable creatures in the
ocean
cold hot fried I'm like bubblegum but
with squid ooh the name of my my squid
and boat I don't know I'd have to really
put some thought into that I can't just
throw I can't just throw that one out
there without thinking about
I put some thought into it it's
springtime here in New York I'm gonna
try to do a little squid fishing I love
to make an episode out of it but I don't
know we're gonna be able to in time we
go at night the lights the dude lighten
up to see me jig them they come darting
up and then you catch some nice ones
jigging it's like the Little Bay Bridge
but you know jiggin alright well that's
where a little vinaigrette and that will
add some herbs but you can tear it my
little fingers here and this is just
fresh parsley cilantro and mint well you
can use any herb you want if you got
tarragon you can use that I like
tarragon
and then we'll do just a little toss you
toss oh that smells good go ahead and
take a look at that little more Oh a
meal hey you hungry bud you know the way
you serve food is just a representation
of how you feel and care about the
people that you're feeding so I wanted
to play it it nice for you because I I
care about
[Music]
yamo or what good food good easy mm-hmm
that's so good
like preserved lemon for me sometimes
hard it kind of he's like floor cleaner
right you doing product yep but this is
like much more lighter and more aromatic
I would I'm pretty happy with that right
and put that in a magazine yeah yeah
thank you wanna stab myself in the eye
all right that was great
oh you want to try it by itself will
dabble do you and then you just pack
them in a jar you smile I mean come on
right
how could squid right so good I was
telling I was telling your sky to be
eating that's not saying one of the most
sustainable fish in the ocean right no
it's not a fish I just don't know how to
pronounce what they are called
you that sounds right that does sound
right yeah cephalopods you said yeah
yeah that's right
like octopus and cuttlefish and to catch
jigum at night yeah and I feel like a
lot of people don't like get my name
every name my boat midnight alright oh
thanks buddy
yeah thanks for swingin by hey Gabi or
Molly or anyone you guys want to try
something really delicious that involves
controlled rock Molly I know you do
controlled rot aka fermentation aka
flavor yes Black has his herbs in it
the kumquats so it's a vinaigrette with
fermented kumquat grilled squid cold
flesh oh wow like ice-cold like cocktail
cold I can get into that yeah you want
to try one by itself yeah I mean you
know you can have more if you think oh
wow it's good
exactly or like even like like a mitten
yet for an oyster or something so I said
so I judge you Molly
all right cook I made you a snack that
is not true at all you can't just say
because it's fun it's true I can't
pronounce things Gabriela I made you a
snack
here here's a clean four hundred twenty five all right great
I'm super happy with this such a balance
this is one this is a really nice dish
I would make this again and man I think
it's just a really easy way to make a
next-level kind of in vinaigrette or a
sauce or minion yet or whatever so yet
as I like to say that'd be awesome with
shrimp too or you know it'd be really
good to that little mixed up mash mix
until I get ceviche ooh meow
next time I love seafood I love
fermenting things and remember have fun
doing it okay folks bone Appetit
we can have some pho it's quite nice so
happy it is a little salty now it's my
voice let me get you a fork whoa let me
keep that one yeah I'll be in front of
cameras just really kind of therapy for
me get a lot of talking done a lot of
thinking out a lot of thinking out isn't
that talking a lot of thinking out I
like that I'm gonna use that from now on
instead of talking you know Gabby's
really good at getting a lot of thinking
out
[Music]

Title - Brad and Claire Make Doughnuts Part Three Redemption | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
oh Claire what I wanted to pick your
brain to about the South of France
oh yeah we're gonna yes like we've
talked about it like eight times
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so we left off it was about two and a
half weeks ago that was a weird day just
yeah much better vibes today I mean
thank God we work in a Test Kitchen you
know because it's not what things go
wrong is what happened even though it
worked three times before that I'm not
quite sure other than maybe lack of time
proofing in the first time can I tell
you what I think was the problem yeah I
think that was part of it first under
fermented then I think also in our
attempt to eliminate single-use plastic
which was admirable we covered it with
towels and I think what happened was
skin it dried out on the outside and
then it over proofed in the interior the
whole thing I think was just rode off by
that different variable so I made some
new dough's I got them already cut ready
to go get our toppings laid out that we
were ready to sit the exact same thing
exact same thing mm-hmm
except for the plastic we're over it
right right but it just felt it felt
better the whole process felt better
yeah that said we're in a good spot at
the oil arm I'm fry a couple user so
this is how you can tell a proof dough
and that means that the gluten has had a
chance to relax and so you poke it and
it springs back most of the way but
leaves a small indentation so this is
looking this one's much better it's
looking real good I like to do that a
lot parchment paper and you go straight
into the oil every going like that and
then flip it and then right and then you
just peel the parchment right off
sometimes you just got to give it a
little balance that should float yeah so
immediately all that gas is gonna make
it float to the surface so I put it in
just like that very nice then I use
these like little skewer chopstick he
kind of chopsticks work great yeah you
don't have to just flip it ones you can
kind of move them around a little bit I
love watching them fry they they look so
good leave that check the flip boom look
like bagels ooh but look how much they
puff up yeah
remember last time they were sinking to
the bottom and they were just burning
and burning yeah yeah let's talk about
the failure for a minute last night
which is a natural part specially
fermentation everything can be pretty
fickle right and things happen and
there's no many variables and you can't
perfectly control for all of them oh
they look so good I don't think I'm as
excited as Chris Morocco you don't know
oh yeah I can't wait I've never been
happier to feed Chris Morocco yeah oh
you got doughnuts for days but
[Music]
look at how buoyant so okay see how this
one is so area that it's like more out
of the oil than in that's a sign of a
well proof so there's a little ring
around the middle and that is what
you're looking for so that means it's
well proved so oh this makes me feel
good Claire gonna tell you I always been
so bummed out about this I had to bring
the starter home yeah feed him over the
weekend I was went to a wedding I was
worrying these guys are looking done
bread right
oh now when it's hot is when we should
put certain time right when I take them
out of the oil yeah so we're taking them
out when they have a really nice golden
color fifty degrees okay so here we have
just cinnamon sugar grace okay looks so
good this one is my favorite a little
cocktail I made sugar cocoa powder cocoa
Rouge a little bit of espresso powder
and a little bit of cinnamon oh can I
hon see when you're done with that can I
show you this real quick this one has a
real nice ring around the equator that's
exactly what you're looking for you see
I've like classic donut shops yeah they
have that pale ring around the edge so
this is looking ideal
oh my god those looks so big I am so
excited you two people gotta keep a
couple playing - yeah Oh son of a bitch
this is working out he was going to
crush me if it didn't work this one a
little wild Carvey I'm pretty excited
about it honey thinned out with a little
apple cider vinegar a little zing Zang
little honey glaze little honey vinegar
glaze come on you kidding me
if you make this at home be careful when
you put the men on the parchment they
don't also dip your fingertips in the
hot oil which I have done before no it
feels good oh they're delicate and
delightful well yeah that's like frickin
that's like a movie Kona you know what
we did not do ha make the glaze again
the vanilla bean powdered sugar well you
know we're not gonna fight what do you
want on these - the chocolate maybe
let's do one more
honey glaze okay why don't you that's
very Brad if I know what you want
maybe that's great yeah little mini like
a chocolate eclair all right I turn the
heat up a little bit Oh a chocolate fire
I suppose for you chocolate eclair
[Music]
I don't even get it Chris got it these
are dad all right I'm gonna drop a
couple more yeah yeah
Oh doughnut shops open we're on this
chocolate dip but wait Brad what about
the sprinkles oh look that comes out so
good yeah let's amazing like their suit
looks stupid perfect yeah LaRocco these
look so fucking good just get ready let
go again a pour-over going little
natural process pour over get Morocco
all excited single origin I love the
ring look at the ring it's got the ring
Oh perfect right help for what oh oh
there you go oh you want it right you
want to switch jobs for a little bit
yeah if you don't any maypole or no no
maple yeah all right let's do it let's
do some of those and see being in
another pretty chocolate okay that's the
maple whoo yeah
oh yeah nice dipping that's last one I
should just throw away yeah how do I
scrape it off throw it we just yeah take
a bite
I have not even anything today except
for homemade sour doughnut
such good texture like look at the
inside of that right there
mmm it's really good I actually think
I'm gonna prefer an on chocolate glaze
because it's a kind of overpowering like
the flavors kind of delicate but it's so
good hmm did you mean it's like it's a
little overpowering I mean it's very
good I'm kind of I'm really excited to
try the maple there's so light
there's so light right I love they're
like little like little bobbing apples
look at the text Brad sent me
it's working am I gonna get one are you
really can't one Chris we're gonna do it
on the inland am I gonna get one at four
o'clock after everyone else is had their
fun
no you're up first and then Jesse Jesse
don't go anywhere I got a doughnut for
you Nicky wait till we're ready two and
a half weeks no no he can wait he can
wait five more minutes
he's right here no one cares about the
rules she wanna make you a real nice
fluffy plate burned your mat did you get
see anyone's you eat it cuz it's too hot
Christmas anything you know hot they say
for so long we just care another way
that we know that they're well proofed
and not overcooked I mean by the end
there may be a bench Rainey can I
arrange differently for the beauties
then because I want to do now here now I
think it looks great oh yeah well you
totally tied this room together thank
you believe me that did something no
absolutely I can't reveal too much about
my process and don't question my methods
anyway
anyway I think this is a great success
we have some sour dough nuts Network no
added commercial yeast this is all just
some starter that was fed and then
turned into dough it was actually quite
snappy as we all found out this is
perfect I'm gonna cut this one know that
I like this one because of the ring okay
you think you bounce
yeah nice way different than the ones
that didn't work yeah that's not are
these bytes a bite-sized this is what I
like about Easter donuts when you do
this
oh hey Jesse I promised you a doughnut
if you want to try one I would love to
hear your thoughts all right Jesse you
can have a whole one to yourself because
you earned it and I promised you one
last time
mmm and we failed are you so pick one
that you like we explained you go you
can make your own choice cinnamon sugar
but it's worth cinnamon sugar cocoa
powder and espresso powder honey and
apple cider vinegar and some of them are
maple syrup but we kind of lost track so
I'm gonna go with my friend Claire I
find it's great here let me get you a
pit let me get you a plate oh yeah paper
towel light yeah you can almost even go
with like a savory topping like if there
was no cinnamon sugar on that and I cut
it in half and put like ham and cheese
on it wouldn't be upset right the cute
did you say it would be cute as hell
yeah great well I think that oh Rhoda
boom can I cut you a piece of donut
Rhoda boon hardest working woman in
showbiz I know you're gonna see I don't
need to play you're good right all right
bye Claire I'm just sayin I'm busy at
the moment
thanks Rhoda oh this is great
well I'm really glad that worked because
I don't know if I could could have taken
the failure on that one
you know we've had it but that's that's
that's cooking especially fermentation
you know things go wrong things happen
and then you learn from them adjust and
then you get home runs right here thirty
babies
and if we didn't serve doughnuts to this
test kitchen there was going to be a
mutiny or if we didn't deliver a video I
probably would have or that yeah we're
gonna have to go buy doughnuts can I try
a little piece of maple if you can find
it I like the extra sweetness on the
outside we wants it
yeah to be a hmm is the best one it's
very good but even have got another coat
it's so good look at that great texture
I'm sure Europe can I show you another
sign that these four well fruits so this
is a plain one you can see that it has a
nice dry exterior and if it's over proof
it tends to absorb a lot of oil and get
really greasy but this is not greasy
like if I squeeze it no oil doesn't come
out so I do not get a try Chris
Morocco's famous ionut mostly yogurt
cake doughnut which looked amazing but
what I generally prefer about used to
Donuts versus cake is that I think a
well made Eastern it eats lighter than a
cake doughnut I really like but what's
great about sour dough doughnuts is that
the sourdough sort of like I'm natural
preservative like it keeps the doughnuts
like right yeah like they'll they'll
last a long time after frying which is
not something you really get what does
no cake donuts they go they go to help
quick yeah and you just feel a little
more special it's like you're almost
like eat and they can more of a treat
like it's more of a pastry than it is
just like yeah fried bread right totally
cake right yeah call it brioche that
looks like fancy alright Chris I think
try the maple side of April because you
can have whatever you want
remember that oh it's crazy exactly what
you do here I got you a little bit well
he wants us a nipple what about a good
Easter not but a good yeast on it like
this
we wait yeah but you come over here
being like shit it's the most gathered
you wanna gonna and then we're like
Debbie would you like one and you're
like well I really shouldn't oh this is
exactly what we needed hold on out of
the way chocolate yeah it's so savory
mmm so good is the best steak there is
if you don't do that you are like top
Rios gratifi doesn't even take savory
the next thing I eat something green
well done but do you do this
yeah dip it in there alright see you're
in I know what you're going oh my god
that looks so good I mean friggin
awesome is that this whole days off the
rails no it's just craters it's a home
run Claire I just ate a piece of dough
no mistake on it yeah things are working
out was good great well Claire that was
a lot of fun we made some sourdough
Donuts successfully super easy to make
once you get it all dialed in thank you
for your dedication for this project
and basically doing all the work and I
just showed up you were a guest I was a
vital guide I feel like I was pulling
deep dark hole more than yeah that last
shoot the one where I don't remember it
that way you were having like life that
day it's fine we all have that and
that's why we make dough yes thank God
for Donuts hun-gu get out of here
because the reason why I didn't work
last time is because you had to go catch
an airplane don't worry honey it was
really poor planning on his head where
you going
[Music]
all right yeah sucks being Hitler should
have been produced take a plane sir hey
yep
what are you doing camera operator
director take a doughnut in like a
little half-pint so it doesn't get
smushed oh yeah bring on your plane no
one's gonna be mad if you bring a fresh
made doughnut wait are you building a
fresh doughnut out of one of these yeah
you're doing all right bud the maple
maple maple maple maple good luck
finding you're gonna get it's either
gonna be maple or honey that was maple
you don't care right my nose touched it
oh my god looks okay for a bitchy cute
all right well such a pretty doughnut
also just for you bye ciao for now
I'm really excited for you for later
thank you I'm really glad this worked
out and uh sourdough doughnuts what half
sour or self-born Appetit
that name really stuck huh sure Dave
sorry they put that sure yep oh my god
do I love Ruth Springsteen yeah he's the
best man just so much snow going hard
new album out oh I know wish I knew the
name of it I was good how would you a
bruise plug and maybe even send me a
ticket to a show I'll fight you let's
get really get along yeah I don't think
grace is gonna go first Kara's these man
of the people Claire I know and I'm from
New Jersey to Asbury come on babe really
that's how it gets um no there's nobody
better than Bruce I have a question
yeah if I wanted to replace my kitchen
counters with stainless steel but I
don't want to pay a lot of money I don't
know one of them I don't cause IKEA
prices yeah can you put sheet metal over
the counters yes it's good it's kind of
it sounds okay yeah you need someone to
fabricate you there's different grades
of stainless steel and there's a weight
never I you know what never mind it
wasn't an easy answer well no I was
about to be and rayon
[Music]

Title - Brad and Claire Make Doughnuts Part One The Beginning | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hey guys hand it's alive we're here with
the lovely Claire Safin it taps our self
that's not too good and yes they were we
making a little sour dough nuts which is
just a little yeasted doughnut meringues
bread starter sour go that's right
sourdough donor sourdough yeast donuts
with sourdough starter perfect set of
yeast so yeah clean
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so we're starting with kind of like
brioche II a brioche type Easton yeah it
is kind of Ryoji right yep I mean that's
basically what it is so it's like a
really rich dough and instead of using
commercial yeast we're using starter
you'd use to make sourdough yeah I mean
I'm having been having a blast working
with the starter and getting them dialed
in I've been frying them throughout the
week over a super low flame yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah what do you need
bread well what are some of the
differences you think between using
commercial yeast and sourdough I think
with starter you definitely get a much
more complex flavor
thanks more time taste yeah it takes
longer oh not even I mean I always
benefits we do it cold overnight rise so
we actually we're gonna make the dough
today but fry them tomorrow right you
have starter at home and you're a
sourdough Baker you're gonna have a lot
of extra anyway it's a great it's a
great way to use it yeah and also I love
that it's naturally fermented that's
what it's a live is all about so and I
think it really does when a superior
flavor and also a cool texture today I
don't know these are the more that's so
white I love the final just go home yeah
you're going it yeah but hold on let's
take a look at the starter cuz so Brad's
been feeding this this is a beautiful
starter let's do the plastic it's right
at like peak ripeness it's gained well
you don't know what it looks like before
but it's gained a ton of volume and it's
just on the verge of collapse I mean
even started to collapse a little bit
over here and that's I mean this will
pass the float test right oh I moved so
much air in it right man jiggles like
sea foam you want to do a quick flow
testers to demonstrate anyone who's seen
a sourdough episode knows what that
let's try it well that maybe is a little
bit of a big piece I've been cut
[Laughter]
[Music]
just a little bit I think we're going a
little aggressive with the size they're
[Laughter]
like a brick that was a different
different starter yeah oh yeah that's
floating so that means that the starter
has its very active it's built up a lot
of gas yeah well I first started
developing it I was putting them in
quart containers yeah every time I put
it in a quart container lid blows off
half of its on the ground you know what
headspace you need some room
oh yeah I got an the mixer here with a
dough hook which we can use again it
started but I mean I don't think you
need that you could do it by hand and
this is makes like a fairly it's a lot
of dough you're not gonna make this much
so we were gonna add all the ingredients
except for for the butter yeah right now
we just got sugar three quarters of a cup a little
bit more added this is five eggs plus one
additional yolk we have three quarters cup of whole
milk we're going we're gonna use one
teaspoon of vanilla extract three
tablespoons of like a neutral oil
vegetables and all the two tablespoons of
honey yeah so two teaspoons I'm sorry
seven hundred seventy five grams of all-purpose flour
yeah so this is I should say is it
fairly or mixes yeah pretty measured in
a sweetness the final dough I don't like
them real real real yeah yeah I think
keep the interior less sweet and then
you can do anything glaze or sugar on
the outside obviously it's sugar adding
Alessi to the mouth yeah if you wanted
to like go savory which I guess a little
bit
wrap it leftover prime rib on his it was
so good salt I mean it's basically a you
said it was kind of like a little bit of
a go it was like a warm fried brioche
yeah would stake out of it Saul I mean I
mean you could serve that already yeah
what's bad about that
Sugar's the wet ingredients you can go
ahead and add that yeah and the honey
and all that gets in the oil no Earl I'm
gonna try to nail fifty grams all right two hundred fifty
grams that's it Oh
all right I can't see it oh you're
trying to if I feel high or low Oh two hundred thirty eight
though I mean come on that's not that
bad
I'm very impressed yeah you're okay
baking's the one thing I really wish and
I think that should just always be in
grams yeah I agree
right yeah but here's a question our
doughnuts baking question yeah no I
think it's important actually Claire we
are gonna be doing a little bit of
baking why is that when we roll them out
and cut them uh-huh there's extra dough
and you could roll this is a pretty good
yield of donuts uh-huh but there's extra
dough from the from the cutters but I
like to do I try to stretch it and make
this weird loaf and bake it
mm-hmm make a little weird donut brioche
loaf your breakfast bread say brioche
brioche uh-huh don't you want to France
soon yeah we you say it
Rios it's clear that's what I'm saying
brioche uh-huh this thing's kind of loud
you have all these not that size you got
a mixer home yeah you know you don't
have one y'all get many of all the
attachments we do fresh pasta oh the
fresh pasta I got the hand-crank pasta
oh that's good too though because you're
real Italian not really actually I'm
Dutch Irish Italian no Dutch Irish
Italian at all as far as I know I've
never done like the twentythreeandme always
wanted to but then I got some friends
like no man they're selling your DNA to
the Illuminati oh I don't know I don't
listen out trust much you know when it
comes to big companies
I don't yeah oh yeah it's a good you got
the apple day terms in agreement yeah
okay click here I don't no idea what
that thing says I don't know what
they're doing all right whatever
Illuminati no I missed it this is all
like wacky conspiracy uh-huh
no it's good let me here living in a
damn brown dog go ahead close me window
sell my organs great
let's get dark cheer up
yeah so you can see it's like sticking
to the side of the bowl usually it's
real wet looking but eventually this
will bring it together and as it
develops all the glutens it'll become a
lot less sticky and then we can move it
to the surface I still think this amount
of dough would fit in this war in
artisan and the regular the total
artisans earlier artisan right don't
criticize my kitchen he'll be funny aids
it's kinda ridiculous
I say rotisserie oh that's my favorite
that's not presentation that's just the
wrong that's about the right word mr
Aryan Fred I don't know if it makes it
better than you know that it's not right
anyway there's a National Park once know
what were the vet a scrapey scrapey
scrapey would say you know when like a
bakery setting you don't want to waste
any dough throw with money yeah Joey's
money now I wonder you know how people
say oh you got with Joe and Amy first
dough is money sometimes like making oh
do you think that comes from like a
baker bag I truly never even thought
about it
you got dough I think you should ease
and then bakers I who can make Joe Blow
please from Park the third year I don't
really do well with car metaphors can
you drive five-speed no well you should
learn I barely got a lot about it I live
in New York I could save your life one
day I know I have a license I know how
to drive no no go what happens all right
we're going to turn this off this is
serious
you're camping this is about zip ties
and if your bumper falls off
no but stay with me are your camping all
right uh-huh
all of a sudden all right boom there's
okay fine
keep going well lose my train if I'm
damn bad
so you're camping all of a sudden
there's a killer running at you all
right and you got to get out of there
okay oh my god there's a car over there
it's not ours but the keys are in it
we can get away and you get in the car
it's a five-speed where are you going
I've no idea you're getting murdered
Claire that's way gotta learn how to
carry five speeds you carry out I do it
in the city really think I'd have a
better chance of learning like Taekwondo
like lethal self-defense more tools in
the Box the better Claire okay do you
give lessons turn the mix yeah whoa nice
dad Brad tips for ladies I don't know
I'm not a trained martial artist dad
Brad the lady that's what I use it guys
the original tip was always periods at
tides and the question why always give
me the car with answered by because if
your bumper falls off you just drill two
holes thirsty I'm gonna put my faith in
you but this is not how I've been doing
it doesn't matter okay but I don't know
at a molecular level it might be a
little more stressful
oh all right I get it you got to make
starburst who it is hey it's no salary
yeah salary salary we gotten too close
to a windowpane so the folks that
haven't watched the first episode of
Claire and I when we meet sourdough
bread oh we talked about windowpane I
don't remember when you take some dough
and you can hold it in between your your
fingers and you stretch it but it holds
it gets like the light you can see
through it but it doesn't tear like that
a windowpane if you would I need a
bigger piece no somebody I mean if you
want if you gave if all of a sudden you
know uh mr producers like Claire we've
got to get you back on the starburst I
can go in the back in the back closet or
something in finish this one I mean how
long are we talking like twenty minutes
right you can't rush perfection there
and I don't think we should we got one
shot one shot one kill that they called
Tommy Tommy Tommy bernzy sniper cheers
or watch a show time that comes up a lot
it's a movie where he's it's right there
[Music]
you know who taught marriages are you
know I think though hold on let me see
pull them up on the Google he was also
in what was that Vietnam movie go to oh
that is not a bad sound ring
that's not those pictures oh come on you
can you look uh scary hold on hold on
yeah think about keeping the side screen
if you like helps with dough get a
better slap and Paul Tommy he was in
platoon with the guy from scrubs you
ever seen Fortuna
no name other actors named Tom did this
thing flexing Oh tom he's like real
handsome
no not Tom party come party you know a
movie Tom Hardy when he played he goes
into jail he's not even payment Tom
party when he goes to jail he stole that
paper and he good and he's playing the
guy who's like a real tough badass yeah
you his name is John John yeah he was a
he's a prisoner of a famous prisoner
from I think from the UK Ronson Ronson
now we're looking good you want to get
in here forget forget behringer and
bronson for a minute name other actors
named Tom where I can remember John Z
well we're in slower looks so good he
like tears let's still scrape the sides
although it's still pretty so I don't
know it's so very sticky okay fine let's
leave it in the thing whose phone is
that
that's mine who is it oh it's mr Eko I
gotta get hello bruh the other pregnant
not interested thank you
Debra what was she calling about cars I
began all these car things I think like
the warranty on my vehicle I think it is
expired
how they got my tea Pratt said mines my
plate twentythreeandme
let me give you a tip never answer the
phone
oh wait now let me give you a tip okay
always answer the phone who cares but if
you never know what if it's that one
call and it's like that you call you
need there's no such thing like Brad oh
I got this sweet gig for you oh it's
easy money Brad it's like a million
dollars you know anyone that's offer you
anything gonna email it to you but what
if they do know no one no one column I'm
a jar two-thirds full kind of guy here I
mean uh-huh sorry two thirds both laugh
haha yeah but my jar is two-thirds full
which is more than half I'm very
positive player honey I know you taught
me a great thing this is gonna be a
two-hour video how do you if you forget
to take your butter out in the night
before uh-huh on the microwave you
there's like a little what do you do you
change the power levels yeah I can't
believe that I taught you about power
levels I don't know too much about
microwaves it took me twenty five years and some
really smart people to convince me that
it wasn't bad for me I still I think I
truly think the only useful thing is
often it's awfully butter it work so
well is cold and soft what it was still
cool like it wasn't about it yeah melted
right it was room temp once we get
window pane which we're getting there
what's trick we're gonna add this butter
but the ideas that were yeah you're
there you're there bread ready yeah
drop it the first sign that I didn't
like tablespoon sized pieces oh boy I'll
keep I'll keep it going okay and then as
soon as I see the dough absorb the first
pad of butter I'll add the I'll add more
look at that that's a if you're high you
ever seen ever website no I don't think
I would ever do this by hand no you
really don't want to do brioche by hand
[Laughter]
are the last pan of butter yeah oh I got
nervous so the butter has totally
absorbed and its really like a mole so
fight into the dough you can slick you
can see it's not sticking to the hook at
all it's not sticking it's super
homogeneous oh yeah that's the stuff
oh you know what I was doing on the last
batch what are you some a little wider
do we have a camera let's put in a box
that's I think it's easier what a camera
what's the difference it's good to have
something with straight square sides why
because then you know how to do
ninety-degree turns and then you camera
uh-huh great Brad yeah Brad likes to let
me on the show
tell me how to live my life and then
ignores all my expert advice all right
so see remember this from sourdough yeah
you're making it into a nice little ball
it's fun so this is a pretty that is
bait that I know it looks so good so now
we're moving into the bulk fermentation
phase what's that mean huh this is like
the first rise so we want to let the
yeast and lactic acid bacteria start to
like metabolize the flower and produce
gas with both fermentation we're looking
for the dough to be like really buoyant
really light I've noticed I'm like do
you think they guess thirty percent I think that I
know what you're looking for I don't
think we've been getting that with this
dough though so have you have you been
trying yeah that it's done well I kind
of just been guessing I'm sorry so I got
was that it go and it's like oh I gotta
go home it's like we're done fermenting
and we put it in the fridge so so it's
done when you believe well you want me
to take it home with you
no no thank you gotcha your third child
we don't do that remember I made that
for
gotcha what sameen nice moves yeah but I
wasn't here thanks I did the start it
was Vince he set up a shoot out of
Monday morning and they read so I don't
know having the Swap from home in I'd
carry a Dutch oven and I put it in the
back seat of my car is gonna bring the
kids to daycare
I put them in my car I don't bring my
kids at daycare I can it fell over and
it fell over and he gassed the whole
bread and I just noticed it kind of
deflated he came in we had to make
focaccia with Samim did you have
sakauchi dough and the door on the floor
of your car mmm no so I had a Dutch oven
that's a better story though it was
everywhere was on the ceiling in my hair
in the kids eyes okay we're gonna pop
this in there
no no that's not yet just over time too
much fun we recover this with either
plastic or this has like a nice little
snap on there you know what I'm trying
to use less plastic let's just do a
clean towel yes now in sourdough when we
made bread I remember we had a like
every hour and do I think we were
calling it a turn yeah we're fold yep
we're gonna do that same thing same
thing no why do you want to get you were
doing that right yeah no I was but not
it said like once every hour for four
hours yeah probably David's or the
directions I wrote probably get it like
two or three times okay I'm gonna grab
the lid for this okay why don't you tell
the lovely folks what took what the
turns do sure
so the turns are really used to build
strength in the dough because as this is
fermenting the gluten chains are
relaxing and so the dough is kind of
weakening so we just want to make sure
that the dough stays nice and strong it
will make for like a better better
structure inside of our doughnuts but I
think we can let it go I hate camber
lids they always do this it's like that
though less single use plastic folks
yeah so okay we're gonna come back in an
hour in one hour I'm gonna set a timer I
know you got some stuff to do yeah I'll
come back I'll grab all right oh no and
we'll do it
okay hold the turn folds yes maybe I'll
grab you for the first one you can
refresh my memory on the proper
technique perfect see you in an hour
oh just a little fish stock a little
souvenir okay no I make some earrings
all right I'm coming sorry Claire
shouldn't be eating on cutting boards
it's not food safe more than you go away
all right Claire the dough waits for no
one
is that your dessert Claire of Jesus
funny guy grease my hands
greased fine oh this is like I need to
like I need like a stepstool here what
an apple oh yeah I'm gonna start by it
getting my hands on you know you're
still taller than I am yeah I'm gonna
get my hands underneath
oh yeah and then believing it here I'm
gonna keep going until I fall I was not
doing it until I've released all the
dough and then warm thank you and then I
can kind of give it a I give it a
ninety-degree turn and then once it's there
it's done anyway nice time do I grab you
from here
next time you grab it that way yeah yeah
from that really yeah it was the exact
same thing no no look no smile you grab
no that way same thing you grab it that
way oh that's not what you just said
that
so not the little thing here these sides
yes the opposite way that I just had it
yes yes yes it doesn't it doesn't matter
[Music]
okay we're gonna do the fold that Claire
demoed and I kind of don't remember all
right what'd she do like that and and
then it was like a quarter turn like
that wasn't as pretty as when Claire
didn't she made that look really nice
and it probably is easy but for folks
that screw this up at home the folds and
the turns when I was developing this on
my own I did it once and it worked just
fine
so listen to Brad talk about me it's
live
what did you do I did a turn or hold
looks so weird well I had some
difficulties Claire we were just talking
about how pretty eat yours was why it
looks beautiful it looks like skin
gained it all right do it
I don't distract me but it's fine now
right in messing our it's fine whatever
do one more like I did a little want the
surface to be smooth time we're
simultaneously shooting it's alive and
I'm I'm the technique just leave it
you're done it's done yeah
all right cool I'm gonna throw the towel
back over this and you know you'll try
again in our video sometimes it's just
the way she goes look she looks pretty
deep in there what do you need bread
well I really disappointed you and
myself with my folding skills last time
but I know it's time to do it again so
I'm gonna go from this side I just don't
I don't know how yours when you did it
it looks so nice so what did you do I
went go oh my god I lifted it and it's
like but let it fall back onto itself
and then no so that's it so I fed up it
was a lot simpler than I thought it was
I thought you were like going like that
no you were just literally lifting in
for a strip
we're just coming out first so this
episode has a sneak preview of an
upcoming for me makes no vice versa you
have to say that in court movies
Cory makes it come out first no its life
comes out first I just said it's a lot
comes out first
no Shh I thought I got fused they're
working he too hard not to be me so I
had to say it in my videos you'll have
to so I'm gonna do another turn okay
there's some gas in there
remember when we dropped it in it was a
little bit below the two court line yeah
why does it look lower well I don't
think it's gonna get that that much
higher I should okay I think Sena be
fine the past few times I've been doing
it it never rose more than this okay
turning wait that way
don't get your hands underneath it well
yeah there you go
just let it hang there and then let it
kind of fall back onto itself and then
do it again with it now you can turn it
and do another thing yeah okay so
folding was really easy I returning I
don't know what the hell I got to do
before and look there is this and guys
in it I'm feeling really I'm feeling
better about this than the one that I
had yesterday really yeah and that was
the best one yeah that one was Morocco
said it was perfect he's a tough cookie
I know so we're gonna let that go for
another hour maybe one more turn but two
more hours
two more hours and then roll together
we're walking into the and put it in the
walk-in yeah it just goes asses into the
fridge houses with the towel yeah
alright that's great you can get back to
your thing I get back to my thing yeah
and then tomorrow he is going home okay
that's my second job beginnings
[Music]
so it's nice and a little bit more risen
in volume Joe is really light buoyant
area there yeah
oh that's good I know it's gonna bring
them to the walk-in go up there I'll get
the door okay great
hey Gabriella I'm gonna put some dough
in here okay
me and Claire make a donor oh thank it
was my job you both did a great job
so I just did a test they're not ready
sick joke yeah Oh bad bad bad bad news
that should not happen I don't want to
taste it
chris is going to murder up no one wants
a doughnut more than Chris are you in a
good spot you need good man ya know
things like at all the disaster
so I'm sorry I should have known this
was not gonna be a good day all right
we're gonna do another faster and then
if that falls through we'll address
Plan B if that falls through that bone
through do get a drink so well yeah
we'll see in a little bit for sourdough
dough nuts part two or scene two or take two
or see you Oh what did you do was that
the dough I put a bell on God I will see
you tomorrow
nonsense what a weird day this is
happening oh really
okay here's the problem with this sign
bread please don't remove this oh yeah
go on I'll tell you all right Oh what
happens if someone peels it off I carved
my name in it it weighs I carried it no
yes which station if it's on this
station it's it doesn't matter drag
stations people no yeah but you move it
and then it's like don't don't move from
this station and I'll come and find it
just don't move wait
[Laughter]
perfect
yes right Nancy binders
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Yuzu Kosho | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
Oh
Oh hey guys and it's live we're gonna
make one of my favorite Japanese
condiments yuzu Kosho today we're going
to put it on some nice little seared up
shrimp very simple but we're gonna walk
you through okay
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so use the Koshu it's only got there's
three ingredients in it there's yuzu
which is a citrus traditionally from the
islands of Japan
this particular one these are grown in
California we get them from these fine
folks out most is produce all right they
sent me a bunch of freshly fresh
harvested ones this year and yeah thank
you
we got our yuzu we zest that and then
it's chilies traditionally in Japan they
use a small chili that's kind of similar
to like the bird's eye or the Thai chili
so you're gonna want to use a chili that
has you know is a hot chili we're gonna
be using some habanero and Serrano you
wouldn't want to go using something like
a bell or like a you know a Hungarian
wax pepper or something yeah you're
going to use a chili a hot chili and
then some salt and it's all by weight
and percentages traditionally I believe
it's like an eighty twenty chili to use the zest
we're gonna do a seventy thirty we're gonna do
two hundred grams and then the salt would be ten percent
of that weight make sense but twenty grams
Vince way to put me on the spot bug
that's why I chose a you know around
whole numbers like that real easy math
we're gonna do one hundred forty grams of seeded
destem chilies so we'll start with doing
that I'm gonna put some gloves on I
don't work either nothing works
I'll just blowing it they say guess it
works a little okay first I do I take I
take the stems off I like to do them all
in a you know assembly line like this
new night didn't you hear that I'm
getting up to the mic lively all right
dude was like oh yeah I don't know huh
something in my eye
well why you say that do it really what
is it well when dealing with chilies
gotta be careful buddy all right even
the gloves won't save it you just go
wiping your face you can get into a
world of trouble I've been there was it
really some of my eye oh you're a great
friend I try to get it's like scrape out
as much of that little like pithy kind
of spongy inside and be careful
I mean if you got safety glasses put
them on I know Morocco would probably
advise it oh no I don't know where that
same came he's getting in my lungs a
little what oh that noe he's still
making music Nelly Nelly owns a
basketball team in the NBA oh he's an
investor of silent partner
Nelly call me alright let's get back on
track here Nelly Furtado
hello I'm not really too familiar this
is more like a bird is that the name of
a song carpool and this is what you
listen to I think we like smoke jokes
and this and the like system of it down
or something hey I get into that
all right hundred more grams go grab
Nelly Furtado is that like the swing
swing I don't on the bearded barley
that's not Nelly Furtado
who sings that one I like that tune all
right Brad ball together here Chilly's
of getting at me but then something a
little bit of a pickle I need some more
chilies but I don't want to go open in
the bag all right yeah and he helped us
out bud
well you don't have to take your shirt
off I just need a couple chilies Andy ha
ha so yeah I was just telling these guys
you want to get the seeds out and then
we mean you were talking so you really
want to get that picked out perfect
because you're gonna get chilly hands
but yeah the more kind of white insides
you see the more bitter it's gonna be
sorry I'm a little sleepy it's kind of
because it is kind of Pippi I don't
think it's your technical term and it
just makes it for a more fibrous user
cushion what you don't want
I said two hundred grams we're going to do a one hundred sixty
grams and then forty grams of the of the
yuzu oh no no one hundred forty of the pepper sixty grams
of the
Sue's us all right see Andy just in case
I contradicted myself there Vince and I
wouldn't be the first time that's why
you keep notebook let me clean this up
real quick and then we'll get into the
into the user so we got our Chili's
all right we got one hundred forty grams and the split
we're doing I might have said sixty forty I
might have bounced around a little bit
you'll have that but what we are doing
is the seventy thrity split what I did I already
washed all these like to just give them
a nice little wash and cut cut or maybe
we don't use that this is gonna backfire
on me I didn't wash these yet I just
want to give them a little rinse but I
would really like to not you guys fine
I'll just come clean all right I lie and
then wash it yet all right you keep me
honest just a little quick little R in
seafood Vince all right Oh wrap oh we
got a wrap Oh alert all right so we've
got our washed yuzu and now we're going
to zest them you don't want to go too
deep you just want to get that nice zest
off the top but the juice is something
special too so look a lot of seeds in
there but you can juice them oh man I
wish you guys can smell nothing really
smells like a little piney I mean very
citrusy but a little piney and the juice
is awesome so we'll juice these I want
to use it for a batch of kombucha so
uh-oh
four o' five and like I said we're gonna need sixty
grams at five apiece plus fifteen eight is it
yeah
yeah man these things smell awesome do
that that's beautiful
oh mama you know it makes sense I
actually learned it from old matting
Matherson Oh manners and he was like
what the microplane you only go one way
when you're cutting and you know
understanding burrs and metal and edges
it kind of makes sense you know if you
go this way and then back you're just
kind of pushing that edge down a little
bit I don't know
great guy great bow check it out let's
go noodle and a little bit more bud
we'll do two we'll do two more wait a
couple big boys in there a couple of big
boy use old shoes
you know I was reading imagine that I
was reading someone was growing some
yuzu in New York
I guess maybe indoors or something hey
wrap I want to smell something good
looks like you're looking for some
killer content I got something yeah how
could that smell oh yeah it'll open you
up gets going yeah ready for the
holidays after that finger lemon yeah
and then we're gonna toss it with some
shrimp peeling usually kosher shrimp
stick around all right Vinny I don't
play any that's my kid sighs okay Andy
talks like his old man
okay now you could mince all this up
smash it make a piece I forget the name
of it but it's that Japanese mortar and
pestle where it has like the ridges on
the inside nice I gotta get one of those
hey what are those called Chris not
Petronas Scotland sounds right
oh no I'm gonna use a food processor but
I was talking how you could now you
could tweak these percentages and you
don't if you can't get your hands on
yuzu you don't have to use user you can
make you can make it from any kind of
citrus I've done it before with some
like a mixture of grapefruit orange
lemon limes any type of zest and any
type of chili ready and that you can get
your hands on but if you can it's worth
it into the food processor boom you get
that shot Vince
a little spatula do here oh yeah whoo
baby that's the stuff huh who's fighting
the cold come take a whirl with of this
just just beautiful oh that's it
if you have a respirator we're hosed oh
Jesus
I like that I think that's guys probably
good for you
maybe not let's do a little blitz up
we're gonna add the zest all right we'll
give that a little blitzie blitz
look at that color my god glow in the
dark like that uh ecto cooler I think
that's what it's called right
correcto Slimer ectoplasm plasm
Christmas everything
next Vinny salt it's a decent amount of
salt so it's like a nice little
condiment you're not gonna go like
spooning this into your mouth I mean you
can I think a little bit but um it's a
nice little jazzy condiment and the salt
at that level will help preserve it so
in the fridge this stuff last play some
time but like most things many as we
learn oxygen you want to keep it away
from oxygen as it'll start to oxidize
and become a real kind of ugly color all
right a color is something else in the
smell guys you're gonna have to make
this at home just so you can smell it oh
my god
so I want to taste this now you could
just eat it now you know we'll taste it
but I think I believe it's good to cure
it well what happened you know switch
other huh I think it's good to cure it
for a week I'm gonna put it in a vacuum
seal bag to eliminate oxygen exposure
you can put it in a jar or something or
bag ziploc bag whatever you got so we're
gonna do that let it go for a week and
then we're gonna make some shrimp let's
do this Oh Delaney arch-nemesis
[Music]
so he's coming down here trying to eat
my shrimp I'd do a double seal but you
know that about me
wish I had another said I can't have
arms sometimes you know like that dude
from Mortal Kombat guru guru guru wow I
really dug Raiden he was cool but I also
really like get over here scorpion guy
getting uppercut sing you through the
ceiling no problem yeah you don't be
that guy but I never I never thought it
was fair because Reagan was a god we
didn't do it a good gun to God I got
shoot lightning out of his face I want
to try a little bit of it before we cure
it for a week in the refrigerator
yeah well it's got some heat it's very
bright I mean bright bright bright
anything you pick just puts on just
gonna pop but I think over time it will
especially on food it kind of mellows a
little I made a swap week ago so we're
gonna cut that open and use that for the
shrimp all right now when you see list
it's got liquid in it so it's gonna
start sucking it up you gotta be ready
to hit the button here right
oh that was perfect they did a perfect
job on that fastest thumbs up in this
side of the Hudson River well go touch
hold your horses cowboy I'm gonna pop my
name on it you're mine do not touch
do not take tape my dearest Emily I hope
this letter finds you well
a winters full of Hadj what's the date
Feb twelve five making a little yuzu Kosho
here's some fresh we're gonna care if
you want to just do oh we got everyone
friends look at color so you vacuum seal
it get the oxygen out you know here I
got some jested ones if you really want
a pie yow
yeah get in there meow mix ya know just
zest Chile's it's all seven well the
juice I'm gonna do a kombucha batch yeah
I need a change in color
one week
all right cool so took this out of can
we talk about color so I got a cast iron
on the fire there
let's go medium high heat and then just
got some shrimp shell on I'm just gonna
cut it down the back and I just kind of
go a little deep and kind of open them
up a little but you know it's gonna be a
Kapila knee you'll see oh you'll see now
I'm not gonna add anything to this put a
little bit of olive oil plenty of salt
plenty acid plenty of heat in here Oh
elbows right here then put them strip
right in there Obama don't rile out up
and bite you all right so I get a nice
char on that outside shell you can eat
it if you want got a lot of glucosamine
in it good for the joints I know a
couple couple friends that grind them
things up like cats that's like not
crying cats it but how cats crying
things you get it okay well and yeah
we'll do that but cook in like ninety percent
through ninety maybe ninety three percent and put them
in a bowl a little more olive oil a
little bit that yuzu Kosho toss toss
lunch lunch it's better than that thing
I like to put them up on edge just for
one minute
all right into the bowl Benny kill the
heat Cheech
we'll use something like that wouldn't
taste it bites it kind of mellows
this looks delicious over that time in
the walk-in and refrigerator for a week
everything just marries and marinates
and becomes just one beautiful thing
well let's let's try huh oh yeah you
know what I will recommend don't even
plate this you eat them ready to add a
bowl mmm delicious
of course it done it's nice right and
then what are some other things I would
put this on like a whole fish I was
saying you can put a chicken pork almost
anything whoo I love that take a few
spoonfuls of that and then thin it out
with some lemon juice or your user juice
and and I mean yeah or or yeah do use a
mignonette vinegar well thanks Andy all
right have some fun doing it try
different citruses try different ratios
experiment I'd love to know what you
guys put on the yuzu of what you put
your yuzu Kosho on and have fun going
Appetit vini rester for you and me New
Year's and do any of your New Year's
thing it's December if I knew the future
I'd be rich me reminds me of back to the
future you know Biff when you get to the
Almanac
anyway he makes like a mini mixer you
know yeah be cool man that'd be cool oh
I never get a picture
you hit my phone but I never get a
picture you I was like a bigger picture
I never get a picture when we're doing
this stuff it's stupid photo oh oh
that's why you hit my phone all right
favorite trip that we've been on
together Vinny oh it's just been so many
I don't know man
we've all been special in their own way
but maybe Alaska what's cool I mean we
took a seaplane shotgun you ever been in
a seaplane the before Vince
you mean either bud so go ahead and put
your seat belt on put your tray up and
let's get ready for takeoff
how do I get this working oh it's this
one Navy why is this always happen to me
how'd you do it you didn't do it you put
the cam down help me for God's sakes
[Music]

Title - Brad and Priya Make Yogurt | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
that's cool that's a cool thing trick
you've got there like that yeah I have I
have one too Oh get in here you guys got
to see this
whoa briea skills today we're gonna
today on it's alive we're gonna learn
how to twirl pay roll pens probably our
best video forget the yogurt smog alerts
were own pens baby how many times do you
record this intro thousand is it
literally the hardest part is Bria I
can't even say well full sentence from
start to finish it's very challenging
how about today on it's alive we're
making yogurt
Brad's never made yogurt before but I
grew up making it all the time so here
we go look the vehicle service center
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah let's get started huh source the
hole my dad's whole thing is that you
know there's like yogurt makers there's
all this fancy equipment but you don't
actually need any fancy equipment well
like most things it probably happened by
accident originally yeah it's a milk was
left out you're just basically like
leaving milk out to spoil and dozin it
with some vultures yeah what's the first
step what so before we where we get
going yeah where did you where did this
where did you learn how to make yogurt
you mentioned your dad yeah yeah so I
want you to walk me through the first
step I already measured out four cups
whole milk yogurt I mean I'm sorry milk
full fat milk and four cups right that's
where you told me yep yep all right and
then what's next we're just gonna bring
it to a boil a boil yes you're a big
milk then I'm a huge really drink yeah I
drink a lot of milk whoa really
yeah like an Indian kids meal I grew up
coming home from school we'd have a
banana and a glass of milk that was like
mandatory banana and a glass of milk
yeah live to be one hundred fifty now what are you
doing this for is it just to kill any
unwanted bacteria that might be in it
because it's already pasteurized yeah
that's a good question that I don't know
the answer to all right there it's just
how I was raised
all right well stick to the old man's
tradition I mean he's very I call my dad
old man oh yeah oh oh oh Ellie got old
oh man you call me old man that's fine I
am getting old you probably should have
drink more milk and a banana little bit
when you were younger my niece oh great
so let's watch the milk boil when my
sister and I are home my dad makes
yogurt almost every day oh yeah yeah I
feel like people are doing their own
like home fermenting isn't as scary as
it used to be now no well I mean it's
back in the before refrigeration it was
a kind of mandatory
everyone thought everyone did it and
then people were scared and now we're
back to basics yeah we're back to basics
and it has a good reward you know and
look cemented things or live you know
culture things usually are are good for
your your butt your butt
ultimately your butt I grew up on
homemade yogurt and didn't realize what
a luxury it was and then when I went to
college and had like the packaged stuff
I was like oh my god I had it so good
yeah when I was doing it before there's
little skin forms I thought yeah that's
fine you just leave that totally fine
okay well address ever in fact like some
people really love the skin and I know a
lot of like Indian kids from growing up
they used to fight over who would get to
eat the skin okay look we use little
bubbles I'm gonna get in here but my gut
says turn it off turn it off turn it off
so I took I print it out oh you did
dad's yogurt you got this you like
worked with your dad and wrote this out
there in fact the first version of the
recipe he sent me was like four
single-spaced pages long so this is
heavily abbreviate was a whole journey
did my dad know I did the handwriting of
a four-year-old that to me yet tell us
tell us a little bit about about what's
in this little cup here so this starter
has existed in my family for over thirty
years because my dad then when he
immigrated to the US he started making
his own yogurt it's sort of a thing in
Indian culture when someone arrives in
America you gift them by giving them
some a year yogurt culture so they can
make homemade yogurt of their own it's
like a wonderful tradition now when we
make a yogurt I can just reserve a
little bit and that's started right
that's all this was yes that's all it
was it's funny how people are like
purchased yogurt starter but that's just
so it's just yogurt yeah nothing to fear
about Nora
I totally yeah what's up with you in
films well I don't understand you run a
fermentation show no I'm sure it's
delicious it actually looks like cheese
the way like plop down how's that like a
little bit of clean so take a little
burrata anything normal salt you know
it's going for it it's delicious
I'm sure it is got a little olive oil a
little soul I'm really good well maybe
nothing well for him I'll give it a shot
I'll give it a go here although I'll
rial read the text that he sent me
please do to send to Brad Brad is doing
a classic rejuvenation of a heritage
culture that got stressed during the
voyage across the oceans in days past
one or two iterations in Brad would have
created his own certified New Yawk
heritage culture I shall say New York
has spelled n oo y aw K and then as a
follow-up that will be the official
start of the Brad dog New York the he
with Texas Matta - so he's I guess Thank
You Brad dog Brad dog yeah
as you're known Brad dog da WG all right
very clever he's a lot of branding my
dad brands all of his stuff he has an
omelet that he puts parsley sage
rosemary and thyme in and he calls it
his Simon and Garfunkel tribute omelet oh
my it must be no we're getting forty two we got
time for one more story so yeah yeah so
yesterday I tried making this and I was
doing a little research online but I
found on the one internet page it was
that you can hold it
it can incubate up to like one hundred thirty degrees
yeah so I put it in an oven on a
dehydrator at one hundred ten you're shaking your
head
that was it happened so it started it's
still tasted pretty good and I had it
was jiggly yeah it was yogurt it just
wasn't very appealing to the eye
well you know I mean accidents happened
and like so this one well the next step
is adding the culture and then we're
gonna do it right in this vessel and
this is really important according to my
dad is stirring it for three full
minutes ten twenty six two thousand eighteen yeah that's where my
dad loves labeling things he loves
keeping these going over time you really
should have had him on here not me I
hope this works out yeah perfect
all right forget that timer three
minutes three minutes okay
we're going there any siblings for you I
do I have a sister named Mira don't stop
that stuff at all after this video comes
out my dad is going to send me a really
long email with bullet points about what
we did wrong that's why I'm just telling
you every time I do any of my other
videos he and my mom send me a video
send me an email with what I did wrong
yeah not this time dad nailed it Brod
why did your parents name you Brad I
don't know I think that was a they had a
couple options I think one was um
Brandon I don't know just real like
Yacht Club in kind of Country Club which
isn't like you grew up in the middle of
nowhere in the woods they were drawn to
the Country Club thank you that's kind
of i'ma bring this no I'm just saying
like it's that kind of chaos I say you
were almost Billy Ani god no can you
imagine it's alive with Biff okay all
right cool
now for the next step is the incubation
all right mm-hmm
every family sort of has their own
tricks like some families have like they
wrap it in cloth and put it in the
garage some people have like a corner of
their house that's better for
fermentation you kind of figure that
over
but after testing in a few ovens I felt
comfortable that oven with the oven
light on felt tasty my fault but the
thing that's interesting about yogurt is
that depending on the temperature
outside it's ok bread I know sometimes
we just we don't read the recipe no
question that just came to mind
you might not know yet would you want to
place this by other fermenting items or
could you like cross pollinate I don't
know I don't know I'm sure like you know
if you were to go deep into the into the
engine for me oh god there's a fire so
burn man question do you have a
container with a lid well that would be
the best I've put plastic wrap over and
then just leave a little but do you have
a container at the lid right I feel like
that's that's just how my dad does
that's what he does like your container
like he'll either do like a stainless
steel container of the lid or like a
like a plastic like a Tupperware
container
all right so now we're gonna loosely
cover it this is very scientific yeah
this loosely covering process are you
wanting anything a look at this that's
that's the kind of coverage we're
looking for we've met one eighth inch of
a gap you guys want to get your
notebooks out and draw a diagram and
make sure you mimic that exactly or what
work is this what it's always been like
well it's a live with Brad I mean it's
just like just like I guess you've never
watched it
no no I have I watched it i watch it all
the time set love it's arrived at Brad
Seth Meyers no no the other set now what
do you mean oh that's all that that's
fine it's fine
thank you Sargon eyes then we cook like
people would at their home it's true
approachable it's human educational okay
and then we're going to put this in our
incubating area we take a little ride
now before we get there wait hold on you
might want to cut we have this swap in
there so early this morning I made one
and I put it I put it in the oven so
there's gonna be some yogurt in there
already
yeah we're gonna pull this one out a
mobile place our new Bebe's in here you
ever make our yogurt children yeah and
this has been in there for five hours and
twenty nine minutes and three seconds should I set a
timer for this one I know I three I
can't handle it so if you could if you
could open it and take a peek this is
nice this is nice looking this looks a
lot like my dad's it smells like his
[Music]
I kind of want to show it to my dad
yeah you should see well you get some
water right I'm gonna call my dad see if
he's on FaceTime he's not expecting this
call so we'll see what state of dress
he's in oh hey Dad I can't see you
FaceTime is done dad I'm with Brad hey
is that a mirror is that what's going on
right there actually don't right looks
like a little bit of a reflection no I
don't we don't have any mirrors no it's
free or what do you guys vampires
oh no he has he's in the bathroom okay
yeah that is a mirror okay
hey great shirt Hey
it's coming along fantastic that's why
we called I had a little mishap
yesterday because it got a little warm
yeah yes and that's what we want to show
you yeah we're very proud all right take
a look here let me just go free I said
it looked like yours and smelt like it -
it's nice got a nice there we go
way thank you very much for sharing your
starter and your information okay we're
gonna sign off right oh god no this
looks great he actually said perfect
which makes me so happy
absolutely absolutely perfect oh I wish
you guys could smell that - it smells
really good it has a kind attractive
salary yes my dad always said that it
was yogurt that's smelled and tasted
alive yeah that was like that is love
this guy yeah
ooh so what's the next move we got a
cherry chill it can we try it right now
or is that it no no ah hold on I'll get
the spoons
so obviously the answer is yes we should
try it fantastic
it's good but like it'll get tenure
really when we put it in the fridge
yeah all right I'm gonna pop this in the
walk-in and I'll grab the swap oh cool
this was a ton of fun three is the best
dad's the best
yogurts the best
who put herbs away like that right kind
of sick monster here's what I messed up
yesterday a little too high a
temperature can you get the door it
might it actually seems like you got a
little better oh okay cool all right
over here so this yogurt looks a little
bit loose relative to the yogurt that
we're used to at home but I bet it'll
taste really good still oh you just went
for a whole spoonful no it tastes great
it's pretty good my dad really has
perfected it like his yogurt comes out
like these beautiful chunks that are so
creamy and we have like we have an
adjective to describe my dad's they I
thought it was a real word but it's not
where I'm calls it Chuck so I guess to
her that just means it's like these
creamy like undulating chunks yeah like
this but he is really Chuck oh I don't
know I liked I don't know the use I in
any other context besides the yogurt it
sounds like something like your mom
would call like your dad like you know
like after you like did a bunch of
push-ups and didn't have a shirt he's
making inappropriate jokes of my parents
oh it wasn't friendly show Chris is like
Chris right now is looking pretty Chuck
Chuck yeah all the kids will be saying
in two years when I come you'll go like
it's got a nice decent flavor yeah yeah
mmm it's just like yes exactly it's
really it's nice would you would you say
it's Chuck it's junk
hold on I'm not in wardrobe great so
we're just waiting on the lovely Priya
you have to get her buck because that's
where this recipes from I've got it
right here
show the world or at least some people
who watch this show you can find the
recipe for dads yogurt and other cool
hybridized Indian American recipes and
my cookbook Indian ish which is out in
April next month
oh by the time this comes out it'll be
out which is out now so it's out now
even better though is my dad wrote an
essay about his yogurt that's in the
book called why my yogurt is fabulous we
took a bunch of photos of him making
yogurt I've got a good closing line my
dad says my closing quote yes okay
gather a closing quote my yogurt is
fabulous I have a cup of day it keeps my
system nice and regular what more could
you want
not much dad thanks guys buon appetito I
look good - yeah that was good I don't
really do that often don't do what I got
to see my keys - look at we used to be
desk mates yeah for like a weekend
lately I mean I was moved
yeah that's true where do you sit now
right near the social media team you're
like far I'm in this far back where are
you me and hunty there where if you look
right down the hall in the corner back
to the window I got a wall taking our
beer pitting smells we can breath damn
ghost town down here
not breath hey don't talk like that I'm
miss Grossman Grossman you don't call
anymore
you never loves me okay bye-bye
[Music]

Title - Brad and Gaby Make Beef Empanadas | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hey guys today and it's live I have the
lovely Gabby I thought I was going to do
that part
origami en la cocina de bon appetit yoy
yoy Ensenada Bradley on it
commissary empanadas Argentina's yes
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I shall sit here and tell you what to do
yeah you've been doing that for two
years got it I'd be nice are you ready
again I've never really made an empanada
I hope you once before when you were
developing this recipe which is
published so if you want to make these
empanadas check them out in bone Appetit
calm it suck so I'm here to help you
Gabi teach me you are the the chef and I
am the Thank You chef
thank you firstly one is Oh Annie hey
hey you got some wicked holes in your
shirt
pajama was that sure like three-hundred dollars
we're going to heat up some oil well one
little tablespoon - I knew I'd open the
meat I kind enough for you oh maybe I
gave you no I'll do it
okay so there you go you no stinking
scissors it's new art class damn it
my dad mother probably I mean the
question please purposely told me no one
asked you
where'd you learn how to make empanadas
and bananas that are made very often in
Argentina I'm was before before you were
born I know
thank you I'm thirty three I'm not afraid of
saying mice I'm forty nine right Ryan
roll look at you I guess I learned by
watching my grandmother probably making
them I mean they made it for par today
parties special occasions holidays I
know it took me yeah check than me
I'll finish up these on your own we'll
save this for later we need to chop the
peppers all right let's do it
it's fun cooking with people cooking
with friends right Gabi yeah we've been
friends for a while Gabi we are friends
wait is browning it takes maybe a minute
and eight years that you want to have a
good amount of fat left over there took
off the rest of ingredients
that's more than plenty bad stop this
right now it's got a medley of sailor
gonna cheat opponent he's trying to
leave us much trouble
no it's much far as possible in the fair
paint about smart move Gabby yeah that's
a good slotted spoon got your flavor
here so I'm similar in the way here our
fat and our beef juices so I'm going to
add the peppers and the onions I think
it's like you're reading my mind we're
ready for three quarters time ever mega reign saw
like out of Perry Lang he's a chef
really I'll give a little stir and
that'll help draw out the moisture in
the onions and peppers - yes get him
real nice and sweaty Gabby I notice you
dressed pretty appropriately with your
earrings have you ever eaten with them
no well in a pinch you know I forgot my
fork eleven did you go for camping geez you
won them no I don't have a pierced ear
but you know what I always kind of
wanted Gabby
like the real small little stud you know
I don't like the idea of it being you
know I know something like you know like
Tupac you look cool as hell
always was now what are we gonna do it
gonna hide only spice it sweet paprika
yeah he meant on Tremont Oh Lulu or
Dagon oh yeah I love that
Honda cayenne pepper yeah it looks a
little oxidized last but no least Camino
and now I have this secret ingredient
well he got there you're a stock I fell
over at least for this application it's
fine so anybody in there that's a nice
stock
sugar a little sugar if you are not a
fan of sugar you don't have to put it on
it is a very typical thing of
Argentinians that they like to have
sweet and sweet like you
Gavi and I also have a mission amount of
salt more so if you notice your honor
put any yeah I'm gonna simmer it for
about fifteen minutes ten fifteen minutes we have
the wonderful Goa cocktails ain't not
wrong good and what we got here the one
thing I recommend always people to do is
just take them off a jar and give it a
nice rinse oh I love them there's the
Brian's a little salty right so they are
good they can make your empanadas super
salty it happened I learned her the hard
way what a minute in my life I was
selling empanadas
oh so make a living I like to put two
have in each empanada Oh nobody
complains that's the cutest thing these
at the end when you're feeling them so
Gabi I know she slipped a little
sentence in there real quick that in
another life you used to sell empanadas
this is something I this is new to me I
don't know this about you when I was in
college in Argentina I saw the bananas
and cakes and a few years back here in
the States
I actually got a license as a vendor in
Jersey City and I I did solve empanadas
for a living for quite a bit
how much did you sell an empanada four hundred three
bucks there
great let's double it yes there you go
for these guys it's up to ten if you're
in a hurry you can actually fill an
empanada with hot feeling but I do not
recommend it so what I recommend is to
chill these any bread that you fill that
actually you don't know that I don't
know what empanada means no got it hey
guys I was wondering what does empanada
mean it's
empanadas it's inside something like
bread bun is bread in Spanish so it
means to put some sort of protein inside
some dough thing or bread eating every
culture has something that is a dog
right kind of feelings all right like a
ravioli or a dumpling or
it's all kind - hi John
I drink another one why do you think I'm
bean all day
sorry don't know we're one of the
reasons we couldn't have hire them
before like two minutes all right so yep
and if you don't like raisins don't put
them in thank you oh you like that watch
your hands I'm fine watch your phalanges
bean burn those are fingers I think
right phalanges phalanges phalanges and
what's the other one I don't know I only
speak Spanish I mean these well I'm
speaking English all right so we'll pop
this in the fridge and like you said you
can do this a couple days ahead
Oh ice called great so we the lovely
Gabby actually made a little swap Oh
yesterday because we want this like we
said you want this to be cold when
you're working it for the sake of time
we usually don't do swaps but this don't
make a difference
all right get the door Benny you got it
thanks baby son octopus
lady boy it's a lot of work I would be
charged your eleven dollars now that's why I
stopped doing it cuz people would go and
be like hey can I have a half of those
in empanada Maya no I use the
store-bought doll you can make your own
Debbie it's expired
no ninety thousand that what that what year is it
I always think it's two thousand nineteen it's not okay
when is these money doing what is it due
thousand eighteen I'm just playing with you
guys I know it's high news all right so
we don't need all these no going this
episode brought to you by so bad boy
show me the way you put it in the middle
what about the olives so you get two
pieces and you put it right there so I
want nobody okay this one's for you
I'm essentially trying to stick the two
parts together I have a good seal a good
seal yeah see another mummy film you
know what this room of rose I've seen
Batman my grandma used the fork metal
and that's totally okay so you can make
little lines yeah
racecar oh you see oh gosh nyeeehhh
what is your first banana we shall name
it something professional nice huh I
don't do the fourth oh when I was
selling them sign me up for failure
selling them I did the fork because they
actually looked kind of bigger and this
is the part that I'm gonna teach you
right now yeah the most important one is
the on my pool girl sure this same
Syrian rebel even reported again
that means close in an in a gracious
manner okay so blue ladies you fall that
and then you for one more and your
crimping I don't like this one I just
use the board but that's the murder you
know what is worse than any TV
well yours looks way better than mine
you
so much water on that one this one's a
real Frankenstein don't worry as long as
he's seal we lead it and this is the
reason why you don't do it window oh my
god I didn't even know me move over
Louie this is my show now it's dead all
right Gaby I can't help myself why Brad
like I'm getting a little excited I'm
getting a little inspiration here I got
a big crock a sauerkraut going you can't
make a couple sauerkraut infused you
know a little bit saliva zing go bingo
little sauerkraut the party right let's
have fun well you know these gloves so
wasteful I'm over the gloves you know
just what I'm done if this one breaks
I'm never using a glove again oh I hear
about your tips either okay no I don't
like big baggy gloves you know they can
make you oh yeah yay Gaby I'm just gonna
take a little bit of filling so I don't
contaminate your Argentinian perfection
with my concoction of kraut this is the
North Jersey arch this is the
Argentinean North Jersey ferment adapt
and Bernardo version I love these yeah a
lot of fun I'm doing nothing when you're
working oh that's perfect
we can sell that one we're gonna it's
twelve dollars weave in muy bien Jobin speaking I'm
learning espanol in mr v do C Mon
pretty much when I saw that I was saved
all of Italy siendo no see
so we have our oven set for three hundred seventy five do we
need the spin them at all
we will okay
[Music]
yeah here put the Google leaning on
Gabby it's fall it's cold out today yeah
we gotta do one more fold do I look like
Gabby I would never steer you wrong just
keep folding until it's nice and tight
daddy did such a great job teaching me
how to do went bananas today I gifted
her with her own classic goo Bellini can
I keep no these are my brain don't
overthink it
you know it's hard for me I know but uh
here's the upstate New Jersey sauerkraut
empanadas and here is which dish
whoo they're hot little mamas Oh yours
are great these three because I went on
the top of these Italian yours are great
Oh
Thank You Gabi it was all my teacher I
learned everything from you don't do
these at home children but this is why I
used to live with my brother make a hole
in each end and you blow this - oh it's
great the filling is just super
satisfying it's almost I think I know
just reminds me of it's a comfort food
it is if it was cold out if it was hot
out if you're feeling sick if you're
hungover or whatever I feel like this
side hits the spot
you know let's try the little sour crab
please do well that one's you for you
because it looks like the best one mm
nice I'm not good adds a little crisp
little bite in this this kind of open
opens everything up a little bit I
really like that I didn't put more in it
I want to try an empanada
yeah kind of a perfect food
yeah B thank you so much for teaching me
your ways I'm glad we could rip around a
little bit throw a little sour kraut in
it
let's go share some empanadas with the
gang we'll give anyone anywhere card
today and bone Appetit thank you all
right you know I'm in Ben Moyes then Oh
Ben Moore venmo yes what's up
people send you money and you can pay
people money yeah I'll leave my account
that you can just send money to in the
comments feel free it's a minimum of twenty
bucks
I'll split it with Gaby two tablespoons
put two tablespoons of empanada filling
into the center of the dough add two
halves of Olives alright baby back up
here I started working here in June two thousand sixteen
thank you Andy but why don't you say why
you hire me well you had the best
attitude oh thank you
what really stood out to me is when
after we you know did I was little walk
around and I'm talking this and that
yeah Giada she said bye to everyone she
was like bye everyone have a good
weekend she was very friendly and you
can't teach that we could be drownded to
everything else luckily we didn't really
have to because she's very good but
can't teach people how to be nice people
I mean look at Andy
[Laughter]
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Focaccia Bread with Samin Nosrat | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
we see putting things on my head and she
was okay you know I work ru I make these
mats I love the man and she was like we
don't hurt your bones oku you keep it
down down there please
they ain't nervous pecking amongst our
own set all right guys today I'm it's a
lie we're here with the wonderful sameen
from Kush salt fat heat acid southern
ice more than afford you put it together
salt fat acid is pretty close who can
remember them hey guys saying it's alive
I'm here with the wonderful sameen from
salt fat acid Heat and if that's a book
and also hey guys and I am here at the
wonderful sameen from salt Fassett ass I
believe I wrote a book salt that acid
heat
I made a show we went to Italy Brad
watched it he said to me can you teach
me how to make this focaccia and I said
if you pay me twenty thousand dollars
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so what's hot people through let's talk
people you're not talking much noise oh
all my MIT silent film
there you go black and white oh yes you
know Andy right cool so put me to work
alright so first we're gonna mix some
water and honey and yeast and the honey
is the food for the yeast what kind of
words is like a lukewarm yes umm six hundred
grams of lukewarm water it's about two
and a half cups okay cool
I like for all of your claiming reds and
then just in case they wanted to take
the tape off ice-carving yeah very
important station where I get Q start
still on my scale
got it oh jeez a teaspoon and which is
such a small amount of yeast for a big
focaccia but because it rest overnight
it really comes alive right and it's a
y-yeah it comes on us I don't and you go
right into the water go in the water
boss alright
oh that's delicate of you yeah and
there's even sprinkle that's beautiful
yeah why don't I get us another a bigger
vessel okay yeah we are using your tools
hands are the ultimate tools that's fine
absolutely
I wash them I promise I took the subway
that's fine well that's gonna add you
know that's why bagels are different in
New York right this is a sub hold in the
subway has fifteen grams of honey Oh Oh be
local
what's from Portland OR yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah ben jacob suave islands there's
swabs for a I've been really like I
think there's something wrong SWAT hogs
all right be nice we're out here on the
survey so solve Sally hey Ben how do you
save the island soiree soiree
let me tear it anyway stop okay fifteen grams
yeah
so we're gonna use eight hundred four
and what I've noticed I don't think this
is like a traditionally scientifically
approved thing that's fine maybe we'll
use that a lot of the times the higher
sort of fancy flowers or whole whole
wheat flour I survive I think of them as
first year if I did make this once with
a bouche flower and I found the FIR
gotcha to be JA I would just increase
the water the next time
okay hundred on the dot and then some
salt okay eighteen grams of salt
well guys all well I like using diamond
crystal cause perfect that's what I got
oh good this was probably because I kept
telling my friend I wanted salty earth
we ended up with a real number like eighteen
yeah it should be so totally plus on top
- yeah it's an essential mineral of life
I even put some in your drink you drink
in there oh I put a little salt in my
waters each oh you know you season
everything else here's a pinch
okay eighteen okay so mix up users tools
okay hey let me make a little yeah
hydration ports oh that's smart
you're prefetching the hatch in the
flour
wow this looks great it's just water and
flour and honey oh yeah look you did a
good job we did a good job we did then
we add fifty grams olive oil you don't
wanna go using just any you know this is
a chance to use the most delicious it's
gonna come your way taste it
where's you have that right in and I mix
it up keep kneading your little hard ass
I'm gonna try to scrape the balls yeah
it makes it thing is kind of nice
because then it boils up the bowl so I'm
gonna get that but excited public space
well see squeeze come on
is that some other crazy I don't know
yeah totally different my grandfather
was in Naples
I you guys look so beautiful let's go
look how soft it is I love so I just I
love a nice wet dough yeah who doesn't
yeah it's so beautiful all right it just
sits the rest happily just like this so
no coming out of your paycheck we're
gonna cover it and let it sit room
temperature and ceramic plastic wrap you
know any kind I just love jiggly it is
jiggle jiggle jiggle jiggle jiggle
all right so we'll cover that but this
thing's gonna rise so you want a pretty
big bowl right yes you want at least
twice as big did you do it in like a
large ziplock bag I think it worked well
what is happening overnight is all the
fermentations happening and so if it's
in a ziplock then you have to get it out
you're gonna break all those air bubbles
what you want yeah which is what makes
it light so I would say anything where
you can move it out with the least
amount of movement which brings us to
our next step I'm listening
Rayland the other one I didn't ruin it
but I'll explain we'll leave this room
temp twelve fourteen hours twelve to fourteen hours later no
this is what I'm wearing the same so
yeah it also doesn't change color well
it's a different flower I know but we
got to be clear with the people so
they're not upset when they're it's come
thing usually we don't do swaps I like
to just do the long window oh yes
noticed buffer things like this I'm
gonna make sense years here at right
that's a grad call my fermentation takes
time no no you got so and it's a Monday
so I had to do a swap I had made him
last night and they to go Susie in New
Jersey at my house yeah and I did it in
a Dutch oven because I didn't have a big
bowl I didn't have a bowl like this
actually okay I have one it's like real
big and then I have like a wooden one
long story short I used the Dutch oven I
woke up this morning and it was touching
the plastic it was just like air pockets
and beautiful gluten stretch and gluten
stretch gluten stretch and I was gonna
say you can't be distracted me I got
very you know freaking night losses and
Oh back to transportation I put them in
my car and I bring my kids at daycare
and it fell over and so I might have
cost a little and I went back and I put
them back and I just noticed it kind of
deflated it you know you want to agitate
it as least as possible the opposite of
what I did that's fine no I mean are you
ready to do it it's got a nice little
it's gone jiggle Bell
hold on jig oval and then this one is a
little bit of a different color as you
you notice right off the bat I used a it
was an all-purpose flour and it was
white to color I guess it was just a
douche yeah it was nice I was trying to
do a nice thing I'm trying to pressure
she's gonna minimum again some nice
flowers thing is gonna blow her mind but
she's like now it's better if you use
like regular flour well I mean I like
all these things and I'm sure you guys
feel this too when you're making testing
recipes for a really broad swath of
people I want to use their like laughs
yeah makes sense so now we're here you
feel okay with that how that wonderful
so now we have to put gently move that
into a pan that's oiled to the sheet
tray Factory Vince well we're getting
nicer hey so yeah we got that we got the
all starz here today huh
today's crazy well pg-thirteen or has a family
uh this is a family show two to three
tablespoons but it's just like like a
disciple who measures oh thank you I
love you then you did a pretty close so
it's probably extra but I like that too
you think it's actually I don't know
maybe I don't know you want me to blot
some out no there's no such thing as too
much okay excellent and then very gently
that you want to say maybe I'll do it
for Vinny
yeah just sort of release it as gently
as possible that's the move and then it
kind of like creeps out because there's
already enough oh yeah
in there okay all right
blop oh yeah there we go awesome Oh with
fuels very spongy like I hate it because
I'm kind of I feel like I'm breaking
some of the air but we're gonna let it
rest we're gonna let it rise again so
anything that comes out will come back
there Jesus yeah Jesus too much oil no
no that's good so no is there anything
such as how much oil if you met me with
Ryan Braun here but what I've noticed is
this is about as much as it's gonna
light you stretch it right now so if we
wait like over the course of thirty minutes
and do it a couple more times and then
it will be relaxed enough to cover - no
I actually don't bother I'll just sort
of put a little bit more we can sort of
tip some of this oil on top or even put
a little more clear boring before me in
here and then we'll do a little own cut
perfect if we're good you know oh yeah
you did it you did it
very scientific here does that look okay
it looks so beautiful I don't know why
you're being so crazy right I don't know
and then we learn it yeah cuz now that
well sort of creates like a protection
out in the air because I kind of screw
it up with the transporting the SWOT
back I think you need to forgive
yourself
[Music]
nope doesn't it look amazing in a minute
just take a chill pill do it I know this
is the one we had resting over there
yeah yeah yeah oh it's still loaded with
hair thoughts concerns great looks great
I think it's productive a warm spot for
three minutes yeah and then while it's
um over there we can make a brine
oh the Brian I wanted to talk to you
about the Brian Vinny don't go anywhere
can't remember what I saw this when I
was watching I saw this one I was
watching the show it's somebody blowing
what a brilliant idea
so tell us why he just fell estelle us
about the Brian it's no go get a ball
okay so the treaty traditional my
traditional Ligurian focaccia is like
has this delicious saltiness but I could
never figure out where it came from it
was just even and the secret is this
brine which I've never seen bread bride
before no what's that
so then what did you make it just a salt
water solution yes just and then you
pour it over it big how much I love fifty
something no more check the tea sheet
how's the place Oh eighty grams of water
what are you drinking a little water
okay grams of water I poured is heavy
whew extra yeah probably
and we'll do a little mix you mix it up
with the mixer yeah you know life's not
a bubble it's not uh you know what I
mean like nothing is I hate when bad
things I'll be cleaning clean up this
clean the air is got so many microbes in
in yeast and bacteria and fungus and
I've got I know is dead skin okay it's
gonna become part of our for a guy you
know it's dead skin a guy it's not what
you say what everyone's got that and we
know the air which the guy I don't know
why you sided berries well you're not
the first one I kind of mumbled talk
best
all right we're mixed we're Brian like
the ocean
well salty as it's part of the introduce
its a bright oh that's not huh oh well
we can we gotta use this one whoo I'm
getting confused on the lies and
deception no there's no lies this is a
different one this is a lot of process
here a lot of steps back to the dimples
okay everybody loves dimples okay how do
we don't I feel like what would be
helpful as to where our hands to keep
oil just a little bit okay yeah why
don't I support a near hand okay so what
I had always done in my life
what's gorgeous it seemed violent no I
was again but what a go did was he went
the angle Diego he knew see it doesn't
really because this don't know where I
think you have to do it the violent way
okay do you know what I mean yeah yeah
that we just Brian it do it sister I
brought a little Russia region just for
it
yes really what do you think you're
three hours to brush that on there this
goes against everything that my little
baking brain knows Wow
and then because I me we just have to do
Omar oh yeah because there's such a
thing as too much oh that looks
beautiful sameen we did it you did it
no now we're just gonna wait more time
more time that's great huh
this is a lot of fun you're the best
I like a moment yes
Oh your hair smells wonderful Thanks
this is my nice board yeah I'm not too
bad did you make no but I do do but
working on the side you do yeah I dabble
bunch I've got a shop in Bayonne New
Jersey and I make some little furniture
me and my buddy like what it's called
three dot would design for you to make
your own commercial in the middle of
your chef first time yeah it's great
look hype ing work uh what's a hooker
for tables shelves no we're waiting for
Brian to meet Avenue can you show me
through your fermentation situation yeah
let's take a little walk I thought you'd
never ask what should we give her Benny
Lulu Temari yeah Jew there's a
sauerkraut yeah
I'm what he's bringing me he's really
does a crowd no mas anca the father me
so woo he doesn't even label you just
date guessing game that's really good so
this is just that garlic in me so that
garlic ferments into me so well i put
that in a marinade or holy crap yeah so
good yeah yeah yeah just taste that
first don't blame like oh my god this is
so good oh yeah I got here more often
I was a fun one so now so here they go
back to the focaccia I think we'll be
ready to plug the thing in the fiction
sorry I preheated the oven to four hundred fifty how
long we bake in this boy I think it
takes about twenty three minutes but we can check
it every oven is done I don't trust
anything no you can't can you
especially ovens don't even get me
started a little show-and-tell it's only
fair that you there okay these are
pretty good right oh my god oh this is
when I was four I had casts both my legs
I've always been a messy eater I know I
love that Vinny can you find me this
outfit I know tank tops didn't work in
oysters but oh this one maybe the best
woman restaurant where I worked in Italy
you speak Italian
I can't believe do you I've seen your
friend Natalie what Emily yeah how long
did you work here uh about a year and a
half I learned a ton I learned a lot
yeah wish I don't speak too many you
know yeah
because me I want to add more salt and I
forgot because Brad distracted me but
doing it halfway is kind of good because
the brine won't dissolve it so it's nice
to use Jacobs case it wasn't enough
sodium not like so ever or what are you
gonna give me with my gotcha olive oil
but no like cheeses and meats
I'll see you we got I didn't know I
don't really have any actually ever dog
Gabby's do you have any not really right
wait where is there a big pile of meat
back there
a big pile of meat Oh where'd she come
from
videos amazing I do think we have truth
oh yeah but I figured if there was ever
a show to do with no voice yeah it would
be Brad yeah looks like the captions and
emojis alright let's slice up a little
you know what I love jelly ever since I
was a little my first job oh wait that's
gonna sound right yeah my first job was
at a place called Mike's on the corner
was a deli that's where I fell in love
with deli slices the art of cutting
things real thin then he just want to
get it was yeah of horse neck and chain
bridge in Fairfield New Jersey I started
when I was illegally young I would go
make sandwiches and do catering stuff
that's why I started to learn how to
cook really that and my dad my mom yeah
like see through it can you see me Benny
took my second endgame remember that guy
is a serial killer
I think it's done oh okay I'm coming
put it right here and I'll get a little
rounded and put it on exact what's that
I just say one of Christmas delicious
coconut chips there's a lot going on
here although watch other videos there's
more I'm a little disappointed
where is how quiet it is here where's
all that activity Lerner where's
television superstar Andy Berra got me
Oh golden boy himself yeah you know
exactly what's he doing down there dude
I like working out look at what it's
open going to the beach going to the
beach so what do we do I don't know I
usually like to sort of pry it and check
the bottom
did we over think so can you do it okay
sorry
yes I'll take thirty it's not big of a deal
I know it's okay it happens stop let it
chill yeah because maybe okay you want
me to wipe the sweat from your brow is
it there yeah I want you to take a chill
pill
alright okay I get a little stressed
why'd you take your hat off cuz I'm
sweating okay I think it's okay it's
gonna be okay oh it's fine this happens
to me I'm own life all the times fine I
bought it I wonder what happens we've
had enough oil I think I'm just gonna
eat something anyway okay it's a nutty
with that Holy Father don't be depressed
I'm not depressed
well why so mean try this to scrape up
my failure there luckily I made another
one we're gonna give that a shot it's in
the oven we just pop it in and we'll
come back and we'll come back in twenty five
minutes
that same dough it seems the same flower
that okay that my theory but it looks
good it already pulled away in a way
that one failure so look just to show
the bottom how Chris would look how
crispy and golden so beautiful now this
is the same flower as that one you know
the recipe calls for all pulp herbs I
try to get fancy I wanted to impress to
mean all this why is this one so rich
and delicious Brad well you know I got
some really good flower but in actuality
I think it's me but I think I've
suggested crashed your car and then I
didn't crash my car thankfully but yeah
I crashed the focaccia and the things
they look pretty no more swaps on Sunday
yes oh look it has it fermented it has
the bubbles but I think the weight of
that other flour kind of okay way down
yeah so I think you get it a little bit
lighter a little bit taller with yes
well we don't need to keep you around
all day no I couldn't make another I
know we're gonna try so I did no but I
did we made another dose oh you came
looking for you came in okay and I used
like straight-up traditional all-purpose
white flour I'm gonna bake it off a
little bit Genzo here and make sure that
it you know I think I think we're gonna
get an area okay hopefully ham on there
for you that was video I make nice you
think you then give it all right yeah
I'll make one for Danny tips okay you're
gonna have any Vince yeah Papa Carter
prosciutto halfback gonna be there that
crunching about don't need to splurge on
the expensive oil I've experienced the
flour but get good oil dollars yes oh
I'm sorry that I used the dog still
hours we all make mistakes
yeah thank you guys check out her book
it's a mean Oh salt fat ass
sameen thank you so much for joining us
taking his time to have me screw up here
focaccia check out our show salt fat
sugar heat also so fat would I say sugar
all right take two no we'll put it right
there perfect
check out a book check out a show salt
fat acid heat it's fantastic you can get
in on Netflix or at your good old book
store it's not fun thank you so much
kamijo
and then i got hit by a car one time but
I got this oh geez
big massive scar you take your hand to
touch my femur so that one's all screwed
up that's the same thing I broke I can
hit my car we were on an ATV but a car
technically we hit the clutch long but
we're here got a free helicopter ride
well actually there's like thirty thousand and
cut we'll get some more ham we'll get
some more olive oil and Bon Appetit
so yeah clean as you go
right are you gonna wash up wash up no
we're good
turkey hearts from two years ago are you
gonna be hard and salt are you gonna eat
up heck no I sumac well yeah see and
venue are they take this stuff down look
it's well dusty what's this that though
I think sort yeah I think it was
coriander this ones you gave us I think
it's like Ashkelon de or something oh
really so so and then there's persimmons
you know yeah exactly
turkeys and then this one can you guess
it I don't know exactly one of the
fastest flying birds yeah I think they
go like sixty miles an hour are you gonna
huh
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Olive Oil In Italy | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
[Music]
then just give me a thumbs up whenever
you're done well if anyone made it
beautiful Tuscany Italy and today we're
gonna be showing you how olive oils made
we're here at el Cavallino one of the
producers for Lucini olive oil and today
we're gonna be showing you what it takes
to make extra-virgin olive oil from the
harvest to the milling to the bottling
you know olive oil is one of my favorite
ingredients you know from obviously
culinary purposes but also for onion
when you get really good high quality we
don't need to do this now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
joining us here is Mateo from Lucini
olive oil and he's gonna be showing us
the ropes for how olive oils made what's
step one how do we get these things off
the tree here we have two way to pick up
the olives we can pick up the olives
with the rack with the rack we did we
did with rack like this okay what kind
of what kind of Oliver we deal with here
this is a front to your variety frantoio
variety green is a good thing
green is a good thing the olives born
green and turn black after they fall no
the they turn black at a certain point
of the of the maturation now why do you
want to pick a more still green because
when the olives are greener are still
full polyphenol and vita mean they have
a lot of health properties then then
black olives so when they turn black is
there still are is there still oil in
them of course there is probably there
is more oil than when they're green on
the before oil when it is more or when
they're black those are more full of
water so they're just
[Music]
and there's just I mean it seems pretty
self-explanatory but just straight just
straight regular yes fun yeah beautiful
all right going up you flip the ladder
for me Matteo all right you're my OSHA
representative so Matteo see I'm no
professional but you are a little when
it comes to olive oil harvest but you
know some of the Year guys here remember
how long would it take them to do a tree
by hand I fool of us usually that are
three four person three and they took
one hour one hour to an hour to do tree
how often does the tree fruit once a
year once a year what's here all right
man I got one hour to finish this tree
you're not helping but Matteo is and I
may help you so give us like two hours
and come on back then all right Matteo
hi
I mean old-world way of doing it
effective right the rake the ring but
there's there's got to be a better way
right I mean you guys can't be doing
this to ten thousand trees so we'll
ditch the rakes they tell me there's
another way to do this yes that is an
easier way to do it
oh it's your Ghostbuster that's ghost
master you gotta get him tell you that
Matteo who you gonna call hey you gotta
hear got a hair trigger on this that way
so what are we doing whoa shake it
[Music]
Ghostbuster Ghostbuster
these are called squaty squaty Tori of
course they're Scottie sorry this the
starter shaker Scott the Toyota Tori
school tutorial this is those rakes and
get yourself straight away you you you
start from the top and then you come
down geez oh very Connor
yeah much easier Oh big time oh you got
me raking over there
[Applause]
Oh
[Applause]
Wow all right the eyeball alright great
something to you we've got all of our
olives on the ground right now we got to
collect them how do we do it you have to
go from one side of the net to the other
side and then we close the net like a
book okay
oh yeah close the book yeah close the
book you seem good at that beautiful and
one is done how many people are usually
on a net like this two people yeah
alright Matias will be loaded up got a
bunch of crates here what's the next
step in that step put these olives in a
bigger bring in a bigger bit small baby
the big thing now matera if you had a
guess a full basket like this one how
much you think that weighs twenty five kilos
roughly so well that's like sixty pounds
yes sixty pounds yeah sixty pounds more or
less keep them young of course what's
the next move with these where we going
next move is to go quick to the mill
otherwise we are weak to the mill once
they all lives are are harvested they
star the fermentation what's the time
what's the window how much time you got
from from tree to mill the best would be
within twelve hours more than twelve hours
usually usually we
harvest in the morning and we crash in
the afternoon all right Benny we're
gonna let me put my leg down actually I
got Franco here he's the owner and we're
gonna be uh we're gonna head over to the
mill yeah so we'll see you there baby
it's beautiful day Oh Benny thanks for
showing up don't worry we got the olives
all right
gringo hold any beneath you can you can
easily see they're organized a wonderful
cascade from there
[Applause]
all right up here I've been so everyone
went to grab a little lunch break that's
fine
we're gonna stay lean and mean and keep
on rolling all right show goes on all
right twenty four-hour operation here Vinny
there's an auger down there that feeds
it into a belt Vinny come up careful
babe yeah this is the stuff little auger
gravity-fed feeds it up this conveyor
belt but pop up all the way up here and
it drops it all right videos go down all
right watch this that bed oh yeah that
conveyor belt drops off into here where
it spins and it blows a lot of air and
what that does is blows all the Leafs
off as you can see how we have the
leaves just getting blown out
holy olive leaves huh from there they
take these and they compost them make
fertilizer fertilizer fullcycle Vinny
once the leaves are blown off there's
another little conveyor belt loads it up
sends it into the mill that's a
beautiful thing once the leaves are
blown off that's that's the first stage
in washing I'm a suit laughter that I
should I pretend like I don't know
what's gonna happen what happens in
there I don't know so let's go find now
Vinny
Oh in the tail all right what's going on
in here all these are washer and it's
from the border what's happening now
this is the the most important part
because the aliens had clashed and
traditionally it would be done with what
initially was done with the stones so
with the stone there was a thousand
thermal accidents an election is an
important part because this is the part
where there needs to be a tit
the more you relax the more all you get
but the lower quality you get now you
were saying can you hear can we talk all
right Vince it turns out it's pretty
loud in that mill just want to give you
guys a little recap walk you through
what's going on in there after it goes
America its piped into the first set of
the centrifuge separates the oil in the
water goes one way and then the pumice
which is the skins seeds neck gets piped
out into another trail or outdoors the
mixture of oil and water gets piped over
to a second and in final centrifuge and
that is where we saw that separation of
the polyphenol water and then the
straight that beautiful vibrant fresh
olive oil or oil nor novello nuevo nuovo
nuovo no mobo oil no ovo Vinny don't go
over there but there's a lot of angry
Italians because I am butchering it well
oil novo Louisville right on your waffle
whoa
how do you want to you don't want to
just drink it you want on coke no just
put in your mouth and swallow let me
swallow or your palate Wow
you know it's oil it's a fad but after I
taste it my mouth is clean
absolutely is that normal yeah these
these they're I may be a lot oh that's
good yeah that's well I like it you can
smell the grass notes you can smell the
artichokes and then a little tickle in
the minimun of Victor yeah it's a
well-balanced oil well though what is
that burn depart yeah are the Polyphemus
the politburo so that's the that's the a
Tyrael antioxidant so when when annoy
Allah is meat that in the pungent that
means that the night with the physical
hear me cover that gorgeous mopping oh
it is bringing this home alright great
so we're inside first thing I noticed
something then a lot of machinery is the
color of the bottle calling the bottle
is really really important to protect
there
the oil from the light oil finalized in
life is it is one of the main enemy of
the oil so light will start to what
degrade the oil lighter have the
oxidation of the oiler the more do I
stay under the light the more they
always get the defective okay come to
Sun alright guys well you know I'm
holding this bottle of olive oil we saw
the whole process and you know it's easy
to take something like this for granted
but when you're out there you know
raking halls harvesting by hand filling
up crates and bins it's the people it's
the culture and you know it's not just
an ingredient I gotta say thank you to
reaching the Italia for bringing us out
here showing us their world
Franco Salvador II for showing us his
world you know Matteo for showing us
around being our point guy
there's just everyone you know it I feel
like it's an ingredient that people can
just take kind of take for granted and
it's easy to walk into the supermarket
pick it up use it all time but it's more
than that it's the culture it's the
people generations and this story being
able to share this with you guys I hope
you can take something away from it
I certainly have an open chen's oh did
and there's one thing I can say is when
you buy olive oil don't use it please
it's not going to get better it's not
why and doesn't age well don't sit on it
use it use it use it and trust me
they'll keep making more so that guy was
telling Franco I mean obviously I use it
for culinary purposes all the time I
mean I go through a stupid amount of oil
at home oh it's great that's a finishing
it's a drizzle over anything but I use
it even if just gonna saute onions and
you can cook everything in it this
actually has a very high smoke point I
think there's a big misconception people
think oh you can't heat olive oil you
can't cook with it and that's just not
the case you know if we can get like a
helicopter one
drones or something use that I mean I
just take little spoonfuls of it like I
said before it's as much medicine as it
is food so please treat it that way so
much goes into you know just a simple
thing like a bottle of olive oil turns
out to be not so simple and you know
it's just so much more than you know the
things that go into it from the climate
the people the hard work I mean
generations of folks go I have been
doing I've been creating olive oil like
this and I gotta say thank you to meteo
and Leukemia italia for showing us their
world and the ropes that go you know
what it takes to make something that we
kind of take for granted I learned so
much from the harvest the trees the
people that are growing them I mean we
were hand picking them the amount of
work and passion it's as easy as going
through the supermarket it seems like
such a simple product that is so much
complexity to it it's so much more than
just olive oil you know and I love being
able to tell the stories that can
connect the world to something that we
use in our daily lives and you know when
you go out there and there's one thing I
could be one takeaway I could say to you
guys when it comes to olive oil it's not
one don't you know you spend twenty five thirty bucks
on an awesome bottle a lot of olive oil
don't age it don't sit on it it's not
gonna get better with time use it use it
use it and these fine folks over here in
Italy will keep making more I guarantee
of that so respect your ingredients
respect your body inspector olive oil
buon appetito
that's Italian you can go down to pick
that up picking it up got me something
usable there oh hey
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]

Title - Brad Prepares and Cooks Pheasant | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
what are we doing here who are you
where'd you come from get out of my
garden hey guys and it's live we're back
here in Portland Oregon
part one maybe you saw we were out up
there in the highlands and in the desert
there and we were doing a little bit of
pheasant chucker huntin the second part
we're gonna show you how we dress the
birds how we like to cook them some of
the preparations that we do with them
and then sharing it with friends and at
the end of the day you know that's kind
of what it's all about we're gonna show
you how we like to cook them so let's go
see let's go can see who says that
[Applause]
[Music]
spade speed do you ever learn what that
meant not no idea it's better than let's
keep it that way
all right so class yep the hunt was
great you know we did we did super well
[Music]
I click the wrong their own trigger
super well you know but that's just half
of the battle for most people you go do
that and then it's these beautiful birds
and what's next I mean I butchered a
bunch of chickens I've even you know
done a few a bunch of wild bird but it's
been a long time yeah maybe a little
so first off if you got young birds it's
almost gonna be impossible to pluck
older bird over a year has to winter
okay and at that winter time they put on
more fat and their skin gets more tough
and so you're able to pluck the birds
these young one year old birds haven't had
to go over a winner they haven't got
like a year's worth applicable they just
don't have that summer paper skin
something like I like like take me for
example
that little birdie I mean a little bit
of like warmth they don't have that yet
so it's kind of a little loop around the
neck and then this is mine I was telling
you earlier for Utah now because he was
it hasn't fetched in a while getting to
that joint hurt it there like you would
a chicken wing find it pop through now
you said it like a chicken wing I mean
it is it's a same bill exactly cut it at
the joint gorgeous this joint right
there yeah joint yeah good one you get
to give it the old
oh god I'm talking that you just can't
teach gorgeous can aren't they pretty
I mean look at Vinny I mount that on a
piece of maple for you hanging on your
wall mm-hmm
all right Oleg it's kind of brittle
we're snapping in a break it where you
going right at the knee or at the knee
see how that exposed it pops open
okay tail feathers Oh
molto Bella you choking up where you
grab just get up in there cuz those are
nice
epic fly-fishing tanks right off right
for the kids man look what dad brought
home to the big city huh yeah that's
beautiful stuff that's gorgeous all
right Vinny little ink I'll write you a
love letter something nice all right
cool and this is the easy part which is
kind of baffling you're gonna hold the
bird by the by the neck yep
you're gonna release the skin it just
wants the Capano wants to come off then
that's why you know you get these people
that don't they just take the breast
meat out like you go on YouTube and
there's people just and standing on
their Birds and just taking out the
breast back and there's the best part of
the birds are all the carcass all right
well the leg meat all the chewy stuff in
the middle just work your way around it
slowly but surely pull on it
how you doing I'm in suppose right so
its meats moving yeah yeah if you're not
using the whole the whole bird what are
you doing you're doing a row yeah
exactly I mean I'm already thinking
about trying making stuff that's that's
the kind of the best way I tell people
to make sure that you know how to
preserve them and that's what we'll do
comfy is the oldest way to preserve meat
and is also the easiest way to make game
bird tastes amazing
so there's their shot yeah that was
surprisingly easy now what he got in the
middle of those though we ain't done no
we still got the guts got the guts you
know I need me to get in here look at
this that's a little out of me it's a
lot of meat you know what I mean those
legs if you're just cutting off the
breasts I mean look I mean what's my
best parts of chicken legs and these
legs have been working right these birds
you saw em fly these could haul these
breasts and meat this is actual muscle
you see people out there they're just
taking these two inches of meat out of
these birds not to mention all the
flavor you're gonna get out of the broth
so we take the legs like you do break it
all right that's it pop the hips jess is
getting us some water that was actually
quite easy I'd break it all the way open
yeah you're gonna get
yeah just getting there open right now
go ahead and cut that little thing very
gently all right now when you get into
the guts the internal organs you don't
there's a reason why you mean you don't
really want to introduce that you want
to kind of keep that all intact right
that it's paint yeah so if you were to
if you weren't to instantly pull these
out let's say you got home and you're
feeling super duper lazy and you didn't
want to go to this part
you're a bad human being because you're
gonna waste this meat so first and
foremost you got to get these guts out
of there if you do gutshot one of these
and all those getting spread around the
meat this meat will taste like the
gayest thing you hear a lot of people
saying they don't like wild me because
of that because it wasn't cleaned and
handled properly yeah it tastes all gamy
is the word it is
yeah because it's you left the the
pepper in there and then it sort of
tasted like well food okay so you went
this way you say yeah that's good yeah
so you're perfect right now okay and
then we can go ahead and pull that all
the way back and then inside there you
got all your stuff so right here we got
the heart yep heart yeah this is all
done by finger right yep just pull it
straight from the start work your way
back it's kind of gnarly I mean but you
know you say it's gnarly right and then
I yes I agree but at the same time if
you're going to the supermarket you're
getting your chicken this is happening
on the scale of millions and a day yeah
you know so when you put it in that
perspective yep I know this is this is
what somebody's doing every piece of
bird you've ever named in a mass scale
and this is exactly the stones and that
grinds it up you know that makes it
grind it makes it edible so they can eat
the seeds and then break it down it's
pretty crazy yeah very good talk now
yeah with the livers out of there you
can sear those up and now we're gonna
break it down for pieces to come parents
do
yeah there is a fragrant right now a
fragrance but it's good
oh it's seiji exactly it smells like the
sagebrush it smells like where that
animal is at so this were just removing
yeah and I like to slide the knife
through getting the spine there break it
right down the middle in that shotgun
show you know that pattern we were
talking about in the first episode this
is one of the you know that one of the
bee bees that is eventually it
essentially the bullet I mean this is I
mean at this point you can really just
kind of do what you want this would be a
cool thing to roast oh yeah we'll do
some of those yeah we'll get the fire
going and we'll grill up some breasts
this is just a way to preserve it so if
you don't have time to get to it your
work week at this stage say you put your
everything how do you feel about like
vacuum sealing them and freeze them
totally fine yeah great if you have that
you know this is for people that are
just don't have that capacity but want
to preserve the board birds
that's primo stock making exactly so we
got the two legs right yeah breast meat
yep got the mech this was the wing the
other one was shot unfortunately and
then that's the spine obviously not a
lot of meat on them but there's yeah now
comfy for folks that don't know what is
comfy is Matt their meat Matt pretty
good yeah meat preserved in fat usually
it has to be its own fat but I like to
use duck fat with these because it's
really hard to go out and find a bunch
of or in large what you're doing is
you're salting me and you spice it you
season it so we'll just take this all in
there put that in there
how many pounds that way I'd probably
say like maybe two thirds to one third so two teaspoons
that's what there we go so that's that
salt little black pepper
beautiful right there huh
take some herbs like you're gonna break
them up they
did that what so you just let me get
them all make it up
that's a beautiful thanks gorgeous
minutes ten minutes and then you sit
that into your fridge go to work talk
about home and your boss sucks
[Laughter]
these birds they're going into a bag two
days in the fridge for the sake of time
yep
we have so so what are we got in here
this is duck fat do you sear the meat
first no no you're so what you do is is
I bring my in in the pot I bring I bring
it up to room temperature and then once
it's hot I would just place my raw comb
feed marinated and cured pheasant into
the duck fat room temp duck fat then
you're gonna put the lid on it throw it
in your oven if your ovens busy just
keep low and slow like two hundred nothing's
supposed to cook in my life nothing
supposed to boil nice low low okay so
you cook nice one of the greens in the
oven I started I started checking it in
an hour exactly because these are small
little chunks of bird meat right and
you're gonna know it's done you got
there off the bone and the thing is you
get a little leeway cuz you're cooking
it you know that thing's gonna be the
moister so you kind of want you to
because you know these birds you know
they are in some you know over fleets
essentially it's like chicken wishes it
tastes like oh so much flavor that's so
good it's just flavorful it's got like a
depth to it check it slots just like a
bland weight protein so you know you've
eaten so many check if there's nothing
me wrong a beautiful chicken has a lot
of flavor too but right there you're
getting like you know God if you taste
it just by itself a little juniper black
pepper we got gold so you cooked it it's
tender it's in the fat how do you feel
about to storing it can you
chill that and keep it as is yep so
we're gonna pick Chris Sun all them up
and then we'll make her yet and so you
could try like the little crunchy bits
to help me out how long can you store
that in the fashions like this three
months three months as long as oxygen so
you're keeping oxygen away from the meat
in the in the fat and so the fats given
it a giving it a tough it's not going to
go sour no problem
melting the fat taking some meat out
what would you just pull it out cold
so I do that all the time yeah heat it
up put it back cool it off heat it off
put it back cool it off pretty safe
stuff I don't know man if you if you get
sick don't go calling me now we're cool
oh yeah that's it good someone else it's
a crispy stuff right we're just crisping
up confit yep yep so than the regular
rillette yet is when you shred it take
it off the bone and then it's a
spreadable pate that's the one you want
to put right hello so I'm gonna pull
this off off see it's gonna fall off the
bone yeah all that goodness get in there
wild birds like turkeys right they run
so you're getting all these look at that
little hang out with you we shredded
this yeah I'm gonna go but I don't like
it over period and also with this one
since it is a wild bird and we
definitely shot these birds right
there's got a check for shot and so as
you're going through it just start just
chat boom boom boom now these days what
so what's the shot made of on water
preserve you should always shoot still
because it goes into the water and if
you put led into the water
that's bad they fly a little slower
don't have as much knockdown on it but
it's better for the earth in the world
so once it's all chopped up we remove
the meat into the bowl I think I got
there
Oh God now we're talking that's epic
timing some things you just can't teach
drizzle it you know I'm a big fan of
doing when you get to this point
little salt off that a little salt
pepper and you got some maybe some herb
or whatever sprinkle that all over the
top a little bit but how is that take
you like ten seconds
don't suck oh my god it's a little
spread that's in your fridge for
whatever you don't need that cold feet
fantastic we made the raclette I mean
that's a home run derby right there
Brock let Brooke let us I said riah
what I say we react what I think the
cheese what did I say Rutland actually
raclette perfect cylinder oh my god
it's a little possum with everyone go I
say this you can preserve any meat you
shoot this way and you have either pate
the spreadable on bread or this little
crispy stuff toss that crisp that up and
toss it in any salad you can put that on
any menu I mean once you have you know
you break down you clean the bird Oh at
that point you can kind of just treating
it as a chicken and you could really do
anything with it we have a few things
going we showed you a really cool
technique that we like I'd love to hear
how you guys like to cook with certain
wild game and you'd like to add about
these bad boys kind of just want to eat
I'm sorry
so good all right Vince what uh what now
you want me to be just going you know at
the end of the day it's just it's
bringing you back to your food and I
mean no it's not for everyone and I have
no problem with that but for me it's a
great alternative to to just go on and
get in you know conventionally farmed
food and stuff I think there's a lot of
disconnect from food and you know having
experiences like this and friends like
you really can just help you dive back
into it and you know what to say it's a
truly a special thing thank you again
for sharing your world business and
having us at your home anytime thanks
for joining guys bone Appetit we'll do
that again that's pretty good what are
we doing I have known you outro
yeah so you know we just showed you guys
how we like to
well I showed me his way of breaking
down you know whole wild game birds
super easy super approachable don't be
intimidated by it if you do get in that
situation I'm sure there's another
YouTube video I can show you how to do
that
or just watch this one and I'm sure
about you know that seven minutes back
they'll show you how to do that and I'd
really like to dedicate this episode to
my dad okay taught me how to bird hunt
taught me respect for nature respect for
the animal you know you we don't just
kill things just to kill them it's not
about that for me and I hope it's not
for you
it's more about providing good meals
good solid clean protein for your family
and you know and making friends and have
a good time doing it this one's for you
dad thank you and it's also your
birthday so Bon Appetit
ah Vince move no further from not
mistaken we got some blueberries it's
got a great garden all right life goals
then if you look behind you all right
Halloween is right around the corner I
know you like that got some pumpkins
wonderful tomatoes what the frig is this
like a giant patty pan baby what are we
doing living in New York City oh look
row of corn that's knee-high by the
fourth of July boy you nailed it oh I
got a fig tree Vince that's like the
freakin Garden of Eden all right off the
record I am definitely cutting it's pull
out get that tail off their tail sure
we'll call it that
[Music]

Title - Brad Goes Pheasant Hunting | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
alright guys today I get to live around
here and mop in Oregon and got our buddy
lives from Olympic divisions and today
we're going to be doing a little
pheasant and chucker hunting so uh eyes
on the field Vinny let's get a move on
skate out of this ticket but Oh mud
patch all right
no birds in there but chuck them look
seated
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah we're gonna warm up doing a little
bit of clay bird shooting it's been a
little while I grew up hunting really
excited to be back here at Elias to
bring me out hunting with his dogs but
before we get out into the field the
right thing to do is to warm up on some
unseen play bird beautiful you really
got to be comfortable get some practice
be comfortable shooting the gun we're
not trying to wound birds we're trying
to give them a real quick kill so we're
gonna dust you know dust off some of the
guns here and get me oiled up then we'll
head out into the field huh let's do
this
load that bad boy all right Vinny can't
stress enough gun safety button you know
like I only have a lot of fun on this
show but all jokes aside this is a
serious thing and I mean safety first
the last you know we're out here having
fun trying to get you know delicious
delicious birds to eat but the end of
the day it's all about safety so you
stay behind me all right Vince we're
going for a double see if we can nail it
no pressure no pressure there are three
people I know can't teach that
that's alright though that's a hell of a
start right there put more shells hey
hey buddy how we doing oh you can't
teach that
two in one get two birds down and watch
their video you do that I mean even
think we need to go Fez appendix be it
for if there was a four time they'd be a
little more impressive but yeah you know
whatever you know oh I mean well these
clay birds are flying mighty nice I tell
you what that might be some of the
nicest toss yeah that is people are
talking I noticed you know this comes
from years of experience you always keep
your finger off the trigger saying a gun
safety class but uh yeah space the bezel
down a little bit you do don't even tell
me all right don't need that how do you
want to say no I don't want to say Paul
just do it
I need one more shot at it you want to
shoot us she'll shoot up off you see we
got it yeah you tell me when good pull
still got folks that was in my
wheelhouse - there's no excuses for
[Laughter]
[Applause]
loving it all right I'm ready you ready
come on one more round yeah let's do
this
oh yes we're gonna Tom Berenger here one
shot one kill Vinny you know the story
stick with their own trigger I'm feeling
good we warmed up we let that one live
but no big deal and yeah now we're gonna
go meet up with a couple friends what's
their names are leather in Utah oh hi
it's go ahead this is the leather my old
one stay bud Hugh stay stay okay
he's five and he is so much fun I've
never had a dog or met anything that has
like as much Drive as this guy never
seen him I've never ever seen him stop
I'm already working
oh yeah he's it's on that's Utah Utah eighty two
they're excited so yeah so I mean five I
was fortunate enough to grow up bird
hunting and you know we had a bird dog
doing it with my dad and I just want to
point out to folks that they love to do
this you guys we train them but like
it's in their DNA right I mean this is
what they live to do yeah like I can't
take them to any dog park in the world
and make them as happy as I am just
having a run at the scent of birth lose
their crap and you'll see you'll see
when they get out there you couldn't
make them do this stuff like that's all
they want to do right now is get out
there and find birds and then you'll see
as you watch them hunt it's just in
their DNA
you can't teach them a little still like
that and then they'll wait for the birds
and it's so exciting I mean going out
and harvesting your own food with dogs
that you've trained and the nuances
between the places that you're gonna
find the birds and how the dog hunts
terrain and like that is just so darn
fast
absolutely watching the dogs do what
they're do you know it's easy and then
we all do it I'm glad we can to just go
buy you know a package you know already
cleaned up chicken or something but to
go out and and do the work yourself you
know there's a certain type of
attachment to it you know and like you
really appreciate it especially when you
earn it it's like anything I've said and
also there's you can go buy any kind of
chicken in the world and taste it right
you can spend that money for right but
these birds you go out and hunt in these
crazy corners of this country and you
find them that's the most nuanced
delicious meat I've ever tasted
well they're eaten what they're meant to
eat exact up in some pain their whole
life but yeah so the dogs are gonna go
on point don't run out keep your barrel
open broken dog goes on point we can
close the gauge keep your safety on
we'll see what happens to the board get
close to it bird flushes I'm familiar
but when you say the dog goes on point
oh yeah like that so the but when the
dog smells in an ideal world everything
they lock up so they can run out in
front of you get into the wind and
they're gonna show you where the bird
point is point right to it stop
they did some classy little gentleman
classy dudes yeah boy stealer you're
going hunting yeah I will be back for
you pup
[Music]
yeah I mean I think it's always a good
rule of thumb
good observation there Vince even though
I mean it's clearly it's unloaded but
it's just that you know it's like a
muscle memory you just want to always
even when treat even when it's
completely unloaded dead you gotta
always respect the entreated as though
it were a live weapon and one hundred percent if it was
ready to fire safety always on and you
know when we're ready to go out it's
nice bad knees these dogs too for the
most part you kind of get a little bit
of a warning ya don't even engage it
until we're ready if something if
something bumps up and it's at all we
can't have any other birds will refined
them but dogs will do the work if they
over run something we ain't ready we
don't have to worry about getting too
many birds right safety is the point so
let's what kind of birds are gonna be
out here so we have this is a preserve
so they have hen pheasants rooster
pheasants and chukkers chuckers what the
charters are Himalayan partridges easy
hundred up all right there goes see how
we do I instantly get nervous like oh
I'm gonna blow this uh-huh
watch out intense when he smells it you
always want to run your dogs which is
tricky right now you want to run them
into the wind and leather here and you
run them into the wind so so that they
pick up the scent exactly the scent cone
is what a little birds are here the wind
comes out as it gets further out they
get in a cone he'll start finding them
and start tailing leather and that dogs
working beautifully yeah he runs pretty
good huh Oh easy whoa you shoot it a
window I get twelve o'clock - what is over
here nine nine thank you okay cool you
get a twelve o'clock - what's over there
that's the point
okay metals whoa so I'm just gonna stand
on this trail stand on this trail I'll
go moving in whoa leather yeah if they
fly behind them let us go yeah let's try
not to look like idiots beautiful point
there's a bird in the shrub there in the
sage whoa a double okay double chuckers
easy bud hope whoa
yeah hey do that leather here touch that
up here my good boy good patch
yeah one more than a good boy that Bert
good boy but we got a double all right
that's just how you do that that's it at
the end of the day everyone hates you
know the industrialization of food and
these big factory farms that are just
cranking out super unhealthy you know it
doesn't look like this is a factory farm
chicken yeah you know and I mean it
happened for a reason and I'm glad that
the momentum is kind of shifting back
away from that and you know not everyone
can go out and hunt but if you can man
this is I in my opinion one of the one
of the cleanest ways to consume meat one hundred
you know and you're out here it's not
just the meat yeah you're out here with
your friends and you know it with the
dog and the beautiful nature and it it
for me it just really ties you back into
your food one hundred percent and it's reading it but
you're out here it's gonna regenerate
you have a chance for these birds to
repopulate
come in come hang out I mean these
preserves to hunt are amazing for people
like you know when you come out all the
way from New York and you want to go out
don't worry get in the hunt if we were
not on a Preserve and hunting we'd be
hunting ten miles and we might see three
birds and like go this is a good way to
get people back into hunting or if
you're interested in go to a Preserve
ask it you know they always have trainer
and dog handlers out there and then just
see if you love it see how hard it
actually is to touch these dogs and
catch these birds but cool well carry on
I'll throw this here in there this year
bird bag in the back Filson thanks bud
leather leather we got a big crowd to
look good in front of here today but it
could be running on peanuts don't let
these birds Vinny go over here but
another thing with these birds man they
really don't run on your like turkeys
you know they get they flying is kind of
their last resort of Defense you know
but like if they can get on the ground
they run like chickens man oh I got a
Chuck here in front of me leather here
see if you put there it is whoa good
point but whoa
right I can see you not even moving
there you go that one got away
let hold on leave it you know I'm fine
with that you know it's uh
you know it's only fair you know hey
good thing I you're not played us yeah
hypothetically you could hit them all
but it's almost I'm just kind of like
when one gets it with it well as long as
you get something first that's a point
back on okay for the interview whoa let
it leer it it's at two in a row we've
missed yes sir I didn't even see it
didn't count I fell fat sweaty Greek
dude falling down no big deal sorry
about that sorry your dad's an idiot
found some mud though didn't you perfect
so at a young age that at least my
approaches is like you get these dogs at
three months old and then what I like to
do is get them out into this country and
let them run if I see a quail Covey of
quail on the road I let the young dog
out and then you just think build this
drive they get they smell it something's
in them that just charges up right and
there's like you have the best thing
ever just like get it into them this is
the great that's them then they come
back to the car and you give them a
stick of Olympia provisions salami
making everything just so enjoyable just
so there's no way and I'm back in the
old dog world they were just like just
try to beat the rules into them and
obedience walk next to you everything to
me the dogs I like to hunt honors are
the ones that have personality right
they just run out there and you can
literally see them being like this is
the greatest thing that's ever happened
to me leather hey he's like what's up
with this camera stuff pops yeah he
looks good for this first time out you
kind of stayed in shape huh like me then
once you get them all super jazzed up
then your whole goal is to teach him to
stop you teach you the three commands
you gotta teach a bird dog is here which
is harder than you think like the second
they hear you they should come back whoa
that's when they could you should say
well when ever and they hear the word
wow they should stop and then out hope
get out there and then the whistles are
great
was that mean so restless should be
coming back what you did good boy
usually what happens if they go out of
sight for whistles is all right contact
they come up till they see you or the
orange you spot them then they go hunt
if you hear four whistles and they don't
come back their own point talk smarter
than me boy so good were idiots idiots I
know it's a boy oh yeah let's slow it
down for you these dogs don't run and
work until they fall asleep and yeah you
can really make it in this temperature
when it's just dry out you've really got
to pay some because they will they just
want to please you they want to please
themselves easy but oh dear all right
all right
bunch man black down yeah I know man
Uli's Oh whole bunch of them yeah that's
what I wonder if that's what he's
smelling boy that's a nice little hurt
huh that's why we come out here nature
staring contest do you member that no
all right he's on point right whoa there
we go here we go no mister no mrs Scott
Brad what's the thing you always say
Vince it's a clear head open heart
system it's right there pheasant rooster
yeah who makes money is and it's moving
we'll go back what a vote goes we didn't
have a shot you know I'd rather try
against the force of shot don't ever you
know it's painful to watch you know one
of the birds fly away like that
especially a big old rooster pheasant
but we didn't have a safe shot and you
know it's always a good rule you know
you can always go hunt more you know I'd
rather not take a shot then then throw
some risky shot out there I mean that's
not even an option get that
no shot hey lass I can't help but notice
you keep picking up shells yeah we're
not doing a lot of shooting yeah it's uh
but I know it's your what you're doing
the right thing just picking up other
people's I just can't believe people
could come out to a place like this and
be like that yeah yeah what this place
needs is a little bug a little the
garnish right right litter little
man-made plastic yeah no tie it all
together
all right me just cuz other people want
to be dirtbags you know it doesn't mean
we need to be Benny pack in pack out
anything you bring what you bring home
you know and this would be so hard
without a dog oh my gosh it's a it's
just not the imaginative exercise
disgusting I don't know I've ever told
you about no after I did you got gooey
would appreciate it so when our bird dog
passed away yeah my dad took the tag off
the collar traced it onto the stock of
the gun off chiseled it out get out and
riveted unconscious those dog tags on
the pinaud he loved that freak we got to
get your dad out here we will straight
ahead of me
whoa do you not know who yeah Wow good
boy boy he's like this is hot here's
your bird oh boy ah-ha good job got open
safety on beautiful smaller one yeah but
one nonetheless yeah and look at this
thing they got these Spurs on him the
male this is a male pheasant something
called a cock bird something called a
rooster that's it beautiful thing
delicious good shot - killed it
instantly yeah at the end of the day the
last thing you want to do is wound these
animals you don't want the animal to
suffer no matter what you're hunting no
exactly you're just not doing it for
sport god it's pretty out here
yes there is man let's pack it up we're
moving out west a little tornado how you
smell buzzing dust devil devil
I got a pheasant right here I see it
running in front of you yeah
leather whoa find another Road oh hey
let it leave it well I thought your oh
very nice yeah nice job woody yep we
both shot that one yeah that will help
her that came up at my feet was scary as
hell
shut up he's like it is hot I'm gonna
put a hot bird in my mouth
beauty that's the keeper right there I
think heavy leather oh it's a gorgeous
leather Hey yeah that's college sense
gorgeous such a beautiful it's so
undeniably delicious there you go that
was that Turkey yeah that thing is
afraid of us it's flying like it a mile
away that was that bird though yeah
definitely he's big that is the rooster
ha the moby-dick the one who got away
classic there's a hand well he's getting
it right good boy
laughs all right dogs hunting better
than us yeah he's like sick of our shit
he's down I got
all right cool so we took a little break
we're swapping to swap dogs leathers
gonna be getting some water you know he
ran hard we're gonna pick up Utah it's
gonna be go what's that Vince what's on
my head
never here a little something called GU
Bellini vision
oh listen we gotta get some birds all
right I'll be a good boy I'm gonna get
them Birds and you this one the puffer
he'd be a good boy doggy vision that
thing ain't gonna work whoa ones down
that's bud can you do that show us what
you got let me see it come everybody
Utah for the sake of the viewer here
what why do you want to like present the
bird to the dog so he knows that it's
not only to find it come boy yeah I'm a
boy boy that's yours
I remember my dad doing that when he was
training to directly as much as you can
get that stuff in them and make them
stoked to do it y'all go boy turn it
into a game that bird yeah that's a good
young boy that's a point whoa I'll try
to get him out this one go up whoa I see
him he's right in front of you whoa
right underneath that pine tree whoa you
talk a boy bird there you go good shot
yeah it's got boy good boy get it super
super friends yeah yeah they're dudes
doing it a little guy huh all right
don't let your mom know about this oh
yeah I know if that was that hand
this is birdie as hell huh
I think I got that one yeah betcha but
God that'd be good I can't get that
bring it to dad here oh yeah feeds a
family of three right there
nothing's huge so beautiful
Sound speed
I mean I grew up I you know my dad kind
of we burned hunting and that was just
kind of something that we did together
you know when I was a little younger it
was at first it was kind of annoying
like I was gonna get up early in this
and I did but like and I got out of it
for a while and now a I'm just really
being drawn back into it and you know I
never got to ask you like when did you
how'd you get into Burt Rutan yeah my
family you know my father came from
Greece and this was definitely like a
way to get me yeah up before sunrise
every single day off we were hunting
doing it to fill the table you know my
dad took it very very serious and it is
it's like it's in annex it's an escape
from whatever you have to do the spore
in the activity of hunting but if you're
in it to actually like I am you know
fill the table and get a lot of meat and
eat these amazing Birds that you can go
find bear or whatever it is it's amazing
so I've hunted I think that you know
since I was a kid just like you and then
I took you know got distracted with high
school
yeah that sounds sad same exactly and
then you go out one more time and it's
just in you yeah all of a sudden you
just get back out there and watch the
dogs work what was one of your favorite
dishes growing up like how it had you
guys cook them you know my dad Greek we
make I've got lemon oh yeah you had that
like Greek lemon custard that was rice
but we would take the game birds make
the chicken broth or the pheasant broth
game bird broth pull the meat off of it
thicken it with lemon custard dill lemon
on top of it cold feta and olive oil
that's the thing it's you chase these
things and you start tasting you start
noticing the nuances you shoot a grouse
in the Cascades that's full of berries
you take it home and it tastes sweet
like there's you shoot a sage trucker
that's been in sage and cheatgrass and
it has this unbelievable sage flavor you
can't fight it yeah thank you again for
bringing us out this is you know it's
such for me
just a beautiful way if if you're gonna
be if you're interested in hunting and
you mean let's face it not everyone can
hunt or is in a position to I still go
to the supermarket and I still get that
clean chicken and there's nothing wrong
with that you know but there is some
really special to going out and hunting
and gathering food on your own that was
wild and and bringing it back and you
know feeding your family and friends
with it and there's just something to
really be said about that we're gonna
head out and we're gonna do one more
push try to get a few more birds but
after that you got your tune in we're
going to do a part two where we're gonna
back to allies this house we're gonna
dress these birds we're gonna cook them
make a meal together and and show you
all that good stuff so thanks for
joining guys we're gonna do one more
push and hey bone Appetit good throw
these days huh Bradlee home Leone it's
cool like you know buddy nobody
pronounces the Yi let's go I can't
pronounce anything I could do this all
freakin day oh yeah easy every day
[Music]
hey PUD I mean just like I keep saying
this over and over I feel like in
different episodes but like you know at
the end of the day and at the end of the
day at the end of the day at the end of
the day at the end of the day you know
at the end of the day at the end of the
day you know at the end of the day the
end of the day you know if someone's got
to do it
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Black Garlic | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
Andy great shirt but just a nice color
we got a like on our pink pastels going
yeah mine's cool is how sexual healing
baby neon it's alive we're making black
garlic what else yeah you nailed it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
black garlic essentially it's fermenting
I'll have a very slow climate controlled
temperature controlled humidity
controlled environment it takes about
six to eight weeks as it ferments it's
slowly the clothes the skin starts to
get a little darker a little brown and
then the the internal cloves get like
this beautiful jet-black and they get
real soft and so you can smush it it's
spreadable and it did the whole flavor
profile change it's fine and the whole
no really it's fine and the and the
whole is it fine it's not a
carmelization it's a it's call it's more
it's that um how to pronounce at them uh
my are the my art effect or a reaction
to my art my are its French oui oui chef
big umami flavor it's very versatile to
use and first step garlic you don't want
to go peel in the garlic you want to
keep all the you know the paper outside
the you want that to be all intact and
what that does is kind of insulates it
protects it and it ferments internally
and yeah so yeah definitely want to keep
it whole so what I like to do just got a
little sake here you can probably use
water you could I like to use on and I
just give it a little oil rinse Ipoh
little rinse you put a little toss eat
on so yeah I just want to get to
introduce a little bit more moisture to
this to the party alright and just
lightly lightly kind of damp in the
outside and then next I mean that's
almost it now I'm just gonna prep the
little vacuum sealer bag if you don't
have one of these little guys they're
fantastic I love them especially for
store and stuff you know freezing meat
great for fermentation projects Oh Gaby
what do you got around your neck there
oh I knew I liked you
you're keeping the vampires right yeah
you ever hear my theory about that well
I'll tell you later
so great look this is pay attention baby
things get a little complicated here
everyone all right get your notebook I'm
gonna take the garlic just place it in
the bag alright any of those happy
little guys little piggies alright this
goes in like so nice nice and then we're
just gonna do a nice little light vacuum
alright okay ready
boom that's it now we're making a nice
little close atmosphere for the garlic
to get happy to ferment to have the my
our reaction take place so there you
have it you got your nice little nice
little satchel like I said I have the
dehydrator I can set the temperature I'm
gonna set it to one hundred thirty degrees you can all
people have used rice cookers where you
take the bowl you put a little towel
down or something but you want to make
sure if it goes to warm the black it
will turn into black garlic but it won't
be soft and smear herbal it actually
turns that rock-hard if that does happen
don't go throwing it away it's still
very valuable that turns into a
fantastic powder but great also I've
stick to the old dehydrator of any come
oh yeah I love this thing yeah so we got
this nice it's alright so look I got my
little little thermometer set up in
there alright so I can just cuz you know
I there was a low and high I mean we're
a little more scientific than that
alright you can't can't be having these
kind of valuables you really got up our
game here with our gear if anyone knows
a great deal hydrator please put it in
the comments I'd love to know which one
they get so yeah look one hundred thiry four one hundred thirty to one hundred forty is
is kind of like the it seems to be a
pretty good safe spot you don't really
want to go too much higher a little bit
lower might be fine it'll probably just
take more time are you looking at my
cactus this was a rescue someone left it
in the hallway to die and it was a
little shorter and it was sad okay and I
brought it back to life and whatever
Bon Appetit fires me I'm bringing it
home with me alright great so we're back
at the dehydrator and we're gonna go
ahead and place my little bag all right
here you go come talk to me in the bed
all right night-night so this is a low
and slow game okay I know it's very
exciting but you got to wait
six
eight weeks poof six to eight weeks
later I don't have many clothes okay no
we're gonna do a little swap over
so I sent a couple up about six eight
weeks ago the my yard reaction how many
times did I say that I love it
the my are my are the my yard reaction
took place and we created black garlic
check it out but boom oh look at that
huh let's go examine our science
experiment
gram Obama oh you smell that no of
course you can't
it smells delightful great sorry
our my our reaction definitely seemed to
take place let's crack one of these
babies open just from the outside it
looks dry and hard because it is but on
the inside it's soft Oh like a little
look a little present a little bundle oh
yeah Wow
yeah it shrinks in size obviously
because the moisture and then you have
it so it's soft too you can like crush
it and it's like it's almost pasty you
know it almost turns into a smear herbal
product which is quite nice especially
if you're gonna mix that into like a
vinaigrette it'd be great if you kind of
rubbed it into a compound butter I love
that and at the braises vinaigrettes
stews i meanwhat tasted by itself real
quick yeah I mean it's not really
something you're like eat bite on it on
its own but man it needs a little salt
you know but it has its it's got that
toasted he kind of I want to say carmely
but in a way like more like Tamron it's
certainly sweet and every type of garlic
you use is gonna it's gonna react a
little differently this one the end
result is pretty it's pretty mild you
could use a lot more black garlic and
not have it become overwhelmed like like
fresh garlic would it's still a very
potent and pungent ingredient but very
different than raw garlic we're gonna
make a little thing I like to use with
it we're gonna make real quick fresh
pasta and then I knead it into the dough
nice nice and then we've run it through
the little pasta machine maker here and
it just kind of gets these nice speckles
of black garlic throughout the pasta I'm
gonna cut it into some pieces whatever
pieces you're not working you just want
to toss them under the plastic keep the
oxygen keep the air off them there's one
thing we learned it's Allison and garlic
and that oxygen kills this all right and
we really start I don't think I've ever
use these but you just start it you
don't go right Morocco you don't go
skipping steps
she knows I like to go slow here too
sometimes you can start to split on you
a little this is nice if you got someone
to help you someone rolls someone catch
great thing to do with the family oh
it's Sunday oh I made black garlic
oh you know what let's make some fresh
pasta together you know Gaby sorry okay
can you give me a hand Gaby yes you
don't have to explain I'm gonna can you
just catch it I'm gonna feed it all
right it's gonna be fine here we go
Gabey coming at ya keep them nice and
separated you know treat it like hair
right on the cutting board
[Music]
keep it nice rowdy yelling they're gonna
pay attention yeah I look online buyers
don't like on me right it's because of a
smell explanation Oh who they ask a
vampire
nice job there Gabriella
you can keep that one Thank You Gabby so
cool I got some nice water going here
already salted no big deal I'm going to
keep this bad boy right in it and we're
gonna use some of the water Doolin a
little butter a little Parmesan cheese
a little salt a little pepper and that's
it I'm gonna go get that maybe a little
olive oil - yeah
[Music]
last coach get some cheese oh wait first
whispered wait back in point sixteen love all
right back to pasta trading go fooling
around water came his coming came to a
boil we got a little cheese got some
butter I minced up some of that other
black garlic we had we'll add that to
the butter to it what the hell all right
and let's cook the pasta yeah all right
Benny cooked all right pulled it out you
get back in there we're just gonna add
it to this this okay final loop into
that pasta water helped us build the
sauce you know everybody knows that all
right little mix you mix little toss you
toss
we should had anywhere as handy when you
need them you know he's the master
plater
ed time oh yeah great all right let's
try it
all right Gabriella what the hell Gabby
you're getting weirder and weirder I
like it all right let's go we'll do like
lady in the Tramp huh that black garlic
right subtle it's there it's a big nice
flavor
much different than raw garlic hey night
then super easy it's fun to make which
family or your friends the hardest parts
just waiting crash come on trying yeah
come on pasta just say it's great it's
fine
okay we're not paying yet very mellow
and this deed there's three cloves and
that yeah yeah six eight weeks yeah
don't worry about that yes otherwise it
would be bone dry so in the vacuum seal
you're kind of created and they still
perfect chamber atmosphere for that that
what's it called my our reaction to take
place they are yeah yeah a hundred
percent that's why we do it well folks
thanks for joining I'd love for you to
see what you guys like to do it with
black garlic or different techniques for
making it let me know in the comments
below and it lasts for a very long time
you can store it in the fridge for weeks
months probably you can freeze it turn
it into powder
that's it black garlic glad you guys
could join us bone Appetit Benny I'll
save some for you so you know well you
know a back in the day you'll see no
vampires you know and what's one things
you keeps vampires away is death I'm
sorry it's garlic right you hang garlic
all over your house yadda yadda my
theory is that vampires are just a
metaphor for death and garlic being so
good for you helps keep death the way
you know you stick with me gap that's my
theory if anyone else has
another one I'd like to hear it
[Music]

Title - Brad Forages for Porcini Mushrooms | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hey guys today and it's alive we're out
here in Washington the state and today
we're gonna be doing a little mushroom
foraging I got my fungus friends that
joined me the wonderful Colin and Andrew
and we're gonna be going for the high
elevation porcini mushrooms this is not
something you should just go do jump in
to go find some mushrooms in the woods
and just pop them in your mouth you can
get really sick and possibly even die so
please do your research make some
friends let's have some fun Vinny to
the mushroom fields Vinny well be Oh
today only to live we're foraging for
high elevation porcini that's a mushroom
get in here Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right be get in here
Andrew boys think we found one right oh
yeah poor teeny looks like it all right
so then logos we'll try to ask you date
a little all right then we'll just do a
little rock wiggle Oh deep Oh No almost
yeah this one looks like it was pretty
and it was under the room attached to
the root yeah yeah so you can see how
much meat was left on the bottom so
still salvageable
yeah
now you notice on some mushrooms they
have like those fluted what are we Gill
no I noticed that the porcini does not
yeah Bunji underside spongy undersized
tubes there's like millions of little
tiny tubes that the spores are gonna
come out of the cap and drop down
through those little tiny tubes the
mushroom that we're harvesting is just
that's not all of it right sure oh yeah
that's just the fruit the whole rest of
the organism is underground helium so
this is like the flower of the plant
right right the fruit but it's so
essentially this is the fungus trying to
reproduce exactly okay yep so the spores
the spores are like seeds they're teeny
tiny they drop and they're so light that
they just fly everywhere all around us
we're breathing them in right now that's
how they reproduce in a much more
distant place than the mycelium that
will grow under the explain to us what
the duct is the Duff is the layer of the
forest floor between the soil and the
surface so it's just that little bit of
exactly pre decomposition stuff yep yeah
for stuff everyone knows that and the
mushrooms the mycelium are the primary
decomposer between the living the trees
they drop their needles and they fall
down to the ground before they turn into
nutrients the trees can take back up
they're primarily consumed by the
mycelium by the mushrooms and the
mycelium that is the network underground
yeah
see you should be able to see in the
route here where it was connecting to
the mycelium I just can't get over the
smell it's I mean a it's a little earthy
and mushroomy but it's also like a
little dry aged beef ewwww right it's
got like a nutty funk to it and they
could the best way possible yeah now
where would you slice I would probably
like cut off that kind of no more gnarly
spot and get yourself a nice clean base
oh yeah
[Music]
mushrooms are awesome beliefs tend to be
one of the safest of the groups of
mushrooms to eat but yes it's very true
you want to know what you're looking for
you want to have completely one hundred percet sure
identification that you're you're you're
eating what you think you're eating and
it's a good idea to go with someone who
knows before and knows exactly that
mushroom that you're looking for glad
you guys are here let's go although I'm
a completely self-taught forager and
never really had anybody more
experienced than me but the scariest
yeah the one that took me the longest to
be comfortable with was the matsutake
there's a couple is it a avocado pit
about foraging in yeah yeah oh man
orange peels of the world zoom in on
this one oh that's a good on this is
that whether the green cap Wilson the
green cap Wilson very poisonous known
for its bounce no great bouncing spongy
texture harmless quite fun actually hey
Brad I got another one come check it out
Oh big boy big
so this is a little beyond where you
want to find it all right ooh would you
want to eat that
no it's slimy it's nasty it's soft
what does well we'll see here real quick
that the the maggots love them
Oh the maggots the squirrels love them
oh look at that funk a now this is
definitely far beyond where I would want
to eat it there's maggots but a little
bit of maggots doesn't it doesn't really
bother me oh yeah but the other thing is
is that with more mature ones like this
you can just dry em the maggots just
crawl right out that's a good point
and sometimes the the sponge is the only
thing that has the maggots and you can
suck you can save the rest of it or
maybe you can just salvage the stock but
this is just done yeah she's fried all
right well here we're back in well let
the squirrels and maggots have that
there we go oh you got one there too Oh
Andrea what you got nice pluck oh that's
what we like that's one nice little
piggie let's throw her in the basket oh
you got chanterelles Oh
oh wow nice little cluster of them can
throw those species chantrelle golden
chantrelle
give that thing away you get the apricot
oh I get it
they're so beautiful - yeah my friends -
getting real chippy oh and this takes
one little patch that's a nice little
frigging yeah it's great the fruiting
you can see the variety of age here from
like full size down to you know these
things are like just pop it out
like this guy come back in two weeks and
then you're gonna have that exactly yep
look here some that probably went rotten
no interested for you know we see the
whole cycle you know that's like so I
notice you know I'm kind you know looks
like you're gonna have to get one but I
knows you guys got these really cool
little baskets you know is there a
reason you guys carry baskets compared
to like I mean other than it being super
cute and all is there a beneficial to
putting your mushrooms or whatever
you're harvesting in there completely
compared to like a plastic bag there's
certainly seen people use plastic bags
or paper bags but the idea with the
basket is that you're dropping spores
along the way Oh a little Johnny
Appleseed there you go exactly keep your
eyes open for shrimps mini oh I wish you
guys could smell that I wish you could
smell this whole area so quiet in the
air oh mama my favorite artist you asked
Vince you know I've been saying this for
decades my favorite artist mother nature
yeah good luck you paint that you sculpt
that you make that you can she's got
your beat every time
you know and just like a fine Matisse
painting it should be respected fair
enough
I like that hope Matt doesn't cut that
probably well son of a bitch whoo I
don't think it's a good kind Vinny look
at this I mean this is this is like it's
on a pile of rotting wood chips you know
it's just really really focusing in on
what these creatures do so I don't know
I don't know where our fungus friends
went
you know they aint got lost in the woods
on us left is here to experiment I don't
know what kind of mushroom this is oh no
see huh see we did learn Vinny come on
get in here but now how do we know
Vincent that this isn't a porcini
correct you nailed it Vince look so they
have the the gills instead of the
instead of the spongy spore droppers so
this is not this is not a porcini this
friend this my friends is not a high
elevation porcini it's probably
poisonous as hell all right
Oh Vinny little treat for you little
huckleberry
oh what a tease little tart little sweet
just like us Vinny you know then I got
to tell you if getting bringing me back
to our camping days it feels good to get
back in the woods you know really ties
you back into your food and
I think our buddies are this way that's
enough chitchat let's go where is he
he's like I use like a grizzly bear we
gotta get out of this ticket Minnie oh
what a pretty little field oh there's
the thing ate the wrong mushroom
everything is really green
Oh wood - I think that's messy I think
those might be good to go nice oh you're
just doing them both once double-fist in
yes that's it beautiful as a primo these
will gray David's number one great one
number one number one you sell when you
sell them commercially it's there's one
through five those would actually be
number twos not super bad but it's soft
but it's soft as hell you could tell
it's falling off seats falling apart
it's saturated that would be one I would
probably take that home and dry it and
powder it really yep because the texture
doesn't matter the flavor is still all
there the flavor does not necessarily
yeah exactly
Oh little shrimp stands for a mushroom
bump so look this is great good eye Brad
let me let me brush off some of the Duff
so yeah when you go to pick these as we
learned you want to excavate around it a
little bit just to expose the big nubby
stem because the stem is not garbage so
you want to get the oats soft
Oh bummer and you would rock it this is
a little rotten at the bottom that's one
that's too bad Oh
we tried you know not even gonna be
perfect especially when you foraging
just glad we found some stuff I don't I
you Bandung but I'm pretty starving say
we head back we'll get a little fire
going all right we got plenty of
mushrooms I know our fungus friends
bought some really cool stuff where I
think we're doing a little mushroom
fried rice so let's get this fire going
let's go check out our bounty so we just
picked these mushrooms and then what so
you notice I mean they grow in dirt they
are covered in dirt
Duff if you want to kind of clean them
off is there like a trimming there's
anything you need to do to them I always
like to try to save as much the mushroom
as possible so I basically just start
whittling at it it's inevitable you're
gonna eat a little bit of Duff surehand
or bugs when you eat wild mushrooms are
smaller than the quartz right alright so
uh yeah we just went out got all of our
mushrooms brought them back here we
cleaned them up Andrew brought some ease
and pause tell us what are we uh we're
would have been cooking here um yes
we're just gonna do like a wild mushroom
fried rice so we'll kind of get some
color on the mushrooms we'll saute some
onion and pepper a little sausage we'll
finish with the garlic and the cilantro
root we'll do a little egg and then
finish it off with some of the Collins
chili sauce wasn't all right here Vince
porcini first yeah what the hell you
ever think of it a lot of other
mushrooms but the stems are awesome
mm-hmm
[Music]
not bad not bad at all well you know
it's good and no one's talking Vince
it's almost like cedar e to me a little
bit yeah I can get that it's funny you
say cedar e because we mentioned when we
were looking for him they tend to grow
in like pine forest coniferous forests
you know I wonder if they're the product
of their environmental yeah like most of
its for sure alright ready put the
camera down buddy get in here and eat
all right guys thanks for joining there
was a lot of fun from being out you know
learn
in the woods and then going back and
cooking which it would friends it
doesn't really get much better than that
I don't know if you guys get out there
please be careful you know the
Portuguese and the chanterelles they're
kind of pretty safe ones and pretty you
know pretty easy but there's a lot of
species out there make friends get in a
community go out picking with people
that know what they're doing and pass on
the knowledge and just be careful out
there you know if you're unsure don't
eat it
hope you guys have fun let me know
things that you like to do with
mushrooms or some other cool species
that you like to eat or where you get
them we'd love to hear let us know in
the comments big thanks to Colin and
Andrew for taking their time and sharing
their spot with me I won't share it if
you can figure out where this is well
cats out of the Hat guys but cats out of
the Hat is that no cats out of the bag
why was the cat in the bag okay
anyway thanks guys Bon Appetit oh look
at this
come on boy look at this stuff huh look
at this place
how cold is the water oh my god it's
warmer than the air Vince you got to
feel that get over here put the camera
down we are going swimming
oh oh we did stumble across a couple of
those Alice in Wonderland mushrooms
highly psychedelic make your stomach
feel a little weird let's go to nibble
on those maybe wasn't any of that
mountain oh we're not telling anyone
it's ours I feel like what was the lady
you know there's an old song for kids
over the river and through the woods she
had about Goldilocks right Goldilocks
she had a red shirt on then the wolf eat
her ass or something Oh how's that story
go what's David oh I gotta tell you bro
I record this time we get out of these
woods get back on the bikes brother time
to hit the road
ask the grass baby
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Garlic Miso | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
saddest movie well I mean I don't know
the saddest movie but the first thing
that came to my mind was that damn
notebook man
all right buddy today on its live we're
going to be doing a little fermented
garlic in miso a Japanese preparation
called me suzuki super easy super
flavorful and the end result is just
unbelievable we're gonna take some
garlic and some miso we're gonna put
them in jars and we're gonna ferment it
man guess we didn't get the memo of any
gaby showed up though
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
the ingredients for this we're gonna
make to two different types but you can
just use one if you wanted to we have
some white meats out
and a red miso and then some garlic good
you want to get his highest quality
garde garlic as possible you don't want
any soft spots you don't really want any
of that green germination coming out of
the tips you know where it starts to
sprout you don't want that I'm a big
garlic I don't know if you've guys
picked it up these I picked up at a nice
farmers market up in Hudson New York I
forget the farmer but they were real
nice nice and firm there's a place in
Union City if you guys happen to be in
the New York area the Union Square
farmers market is guy Keith smart and
Keith there keeps farmers keeps farm I
think it just keeps farm yeah that's the
good stuff
medicinal grade we made an episode about
me so if you wanted to make your own it
takes a little bit of time but it's
actually relatively simple what it is is
beans
traditionally soybeans and a barley or
rice grain that is inoculated with the
bacteria in mold these this this is a
store-bought brand I like these guys
that are at Asheville South Carolina
North Asheville North Carolina miso
masters you can get them in Whole Foods
or any big store and that's what we're
gonna use today so let me get opening up
some garlic you have any so I'm gonna do
two heads in each and that's more than
enough so you could really probably use
one the more garlic the more garlicky
flavor obviously it's gonna take a
minute baby so get comfortable oh yeah
this is good stuff you can tell my
fingers getting real sticky oh I love
garlic wait one day Vinny well I have a
nice plot of land and I'll just grow
garlic you know farmers I mean I know
they get you know yeah I mean people
love their farmers and stuff but they
don't get enough credit man forget the
farmer farming is so hard you know
people everyone just takes for granted
oh just go to the store get your garlic
I'll go get your carrot you're hard it
is to grow that stuff I don't hear
anyone complaining about how expensive
good ingredients are I mean I have a
garden and this year I got thinking I
had the beautiful zucchinis and squash
and who to know this little moth came
flying through laid his eggs in the
stems of them and then they're going
they're just you know chew away and
destroyed my entire crop yeah I got some
skunks that go back there rooting around
I had a groundhog when I evicted him I
just you know what told me how to move
out sorry pal it's not you it's me
well no it's definitely you but you
gotta go i reaiiy get it my backyard is
amazing there's lots of food but very
inconsiderate I would do a crush on that
one it's so much easier what pops right
out that's how I like to peel garlic but
in this application we need some whole
cloves so don't act like you don't know
when you crush the GAR why make you do
this when you crush the garlic no we
don't have to do that when you crush the
garlic to the best of my knowledge it
thinks something's eating it you know
and it's its defense and it creates a
new chemical compound called allicin and
that's what is very bernie big
anti-bacterial just super good for you
if you're ever feeling a little froggy
which means sick you go ahead you crush
up a little garlic let it sit for about
ten minutes get that two part going and
then just eat that stuff up raw touch I
talked to it into a paste breathe in the
vapors I'll give you a demo in a minute
then you behold on perfect example lil
blemish you see blemish removed all
right we made it then you were done let
me do a little clean clean so we have
our two piles of garlic and here's our
little crushed pile Benny let's take our
little daily dose of garlic go that's
for you
raw crushed oh yeah pop it right in
mm-hmm chew it up
got a little pace going what I like to
go
this might yeah I don't know it doesn't
anybody in my head it's spicy Benson cuz
I'm them garlic vapors in your lungs
[Music]
woah burning my whole entire mouth
that's how you know it's good you feel a
little cold coming oh yeah
damn damn feel like I took it gives me
like superpowers right all of a sudden
you feel like you could do any I'm gonna
jump down to push-up city me yeah so let
me get splash of water a little garlic
thing going on oh yeah that's the stuff
now let's get serious we're gonna start
off with the red miso I like to pack a
little bit of the miso into the jar I
saw a miso foundation now that we have a
nice little miso pad I could just drop a
couple in there like so one of the
crushed ones one of the full ones okay
and then we're gonna do another layer of
the miso okay oh yeah oh isn't that nice
I like to get as much air out as
possible
I want that garlic to be covered in
beautiful miso oh I almost just want to
eat that how good's that look alright
last two big boys yeah he's big boys big
bad boys oh that's the stuff
I'll give it a quick little bang down
like that too and there you have it
let's do the white real quick yeah same
thing same exact thing and this is
really exciting
because as it starts to ferment Vinny
all the gasses come out and make all
these little crazy natural like pockets
like fissures would be the word it's
really quite the spectacle and I really
let you know that it's working so
looking forward to seeing that okay give
it a little wipe wait
so Mesa just has that nice salty sweet
and mah meanness and when you add garlic
that ferments to it all that nice garlic
flavor just kind of leeches into that
already flavor bottom of miso and it
really just does magical things I got
these here lids we're just gonna go
ahead and throw them right on Vince yeah
gaskets I'll put my little date right on
the top nice nice I check it every day
but Vinny you're gonna come back say
Thursday all right today's Monday so
that's like three and a half days right
and we'll see what happens how it's
gonna be great
I love these jars they give us nice
visuals here here don't look at this top
secret so we'll circle back then and see
what happens all right so we left off
with miso okay we starting on Monday
it's now Thursday lots of activity here
Vince come on come on
look you guys little gas pockets around
the garlic all the liquid stain from the
miso pretty cool stuff Exhibit B looks
like a morel mushroom lots of expansion
lots and lots and lots of trapped gas
then let's bring these over to the to
the cutting board cuz I have I got a
little theory about this this is a low
mellow sweet white miso this one I don't
know if this one fermented more or if
this one is just trapped in the denser
suspension in the in the older miso but
this one has clearly got way more gas
and also look there's so much more
displacement there's no more headspace
we used the same amount of me so this
lifted up a little bit but this one blew
the clip and it's got me so oh that
looks kind of good let's taste that it's
got like miso goodness popping out move
this up it's firmed up from the oxygen
this is still nice look how fluffy and
pillowy ideas from all that trapped gas
in there look at that Vinny let's open
up the red now that don't look too much
different than when we started
Oh smell
I wish you guys could smell this but you
know you'll have to do it yourself I
mean me so by itself is a fermented
product as we know and it gives off a
toe new mommy kind of big smell and then
when you ferment the garlic in it it
just becomes it's a beautiful beautiful
thing so I guess I'm liquid around the
garlic there this could probably even go
a little longer here's another red miso
that I packed the crushed garlic in
weeks ago and look how much darker just
with a little time look how much darker
it gets oh wow look at that
came flying out like a big pillowy now
the garlic didn't seem to change so much
as a little softer so let's cut these
open this is the old old one I believe
that one glass this is the one that's
packed in the red I'm just gonna cut it
open oh how the whole texture it almost
reminds me a little bit like black
garlic that's not black it has of the
texture almost of like a jelly well that
looks good well I put that on anything
Vince well today we're gonna put it in
miso soup but you could pop this stuff
you know braise you could literally put
it in almost anything yeah some stir-fry
I mean whatever you're cooking I think
or a vinaigrette I think you could mash
you know it depends how much funk and
garlic you're into but I really care for
it what's up you seem very sad all right
so we're gonna slice open the the old
red tail because I just want to see what
that looks like with a little more time
in there Wow texture it actually seems
like it firmed up a little look at that
color
that's it's the most beautiful thing
I've seen in a while you draped that
over a little fish ooh I'm gonna try it
real quick okay
big salty big me so the garlic he's
definitely there but it kind of like
kind of mellows oh it's delicious and
then let's cut open the white one real
quick oh wow
very soft look at that you put that on
little pizza
um Oh eat that mmm that sounds a little
bit pepper to it oh yeah
Oh Benny this I get like superhuman
strength when I eat garlic here you try
Vince don't cut yourself all right let
me just see your reaction yeah breathe
it in that's why we roll Vinny all right
we're worried let's make a little miso
soup out of this all right
so real quick I made some dashi which is
um water some kombu which is in this
case a North Atlantic kelp ok dried some
bonito flakes which is a smoked bonito
fish loin that's fermented that's the
whole thing Vinny we should really do
that and then some okami seaweed that's
dried will rehydrate it but to make the
dashi well look it up on Google maybe
we'll do that another time I'm gonna put
just a dollop of the miso in yeah let's
stir that around
maybe we'll float a little garlic right
on top of it too huh and then we'll put
maybe a little shiitake mushroom in it
too and then we'll cut up a couple
scallions and then oh I'm just gonna
drop a little tofu in just cubed up
let's go let's plate this up look I
found this cute little bowl got me
excited oh it smells so good then we
nailed it I could drink gallons of this
stuff well look we'll drop a couple more
scallions on it up up up all right and
then our specimens this is the little
bit this is a few weeks it's like five
weeks let's just drop a few of those in
there cuz it man I just I just really
like garlic so that's it
fermented garlic miso soup
oh you know what I would add a little
bit more miso but it's quite nice it's
quite nice it's got a nice little
subtlety of garlic little smokiness from
the Bonita Oh Vinny I got make you a
boy I feel a little weird I feel a
little weird eating uh soup standing up
by myself in an empty kitchen hey you
guys want some miso soup line up folks
and then if you want you can drop some
garlic in there to your kids like first
birthday oh they've had raw garlic on
there if you want hey you know it keeps
vampires away
I got a theory about that well you look
up freaking beautiful that isn't any one
more look at that though I mean come on
I get so excited um you know I know
all right well glad you made a table
read oh yeah well I didn't have it
fermented garlic miso soup thank you for
joining my friends and Bon Appetit let's
eat more garlic I don't know why but we
have like hot water problems with in
this building like it's still not warm
like is there a little man underneath
the counter with a blowtorch heating the
pipe like what's going on it's twenty twenty five now
there's a lot of people making it here a
lot of people making it here and puberty
language please no respect for the kids
yeah you
[Music]
I'm teaching and trying to do an
educational program here people back
there hustin see if you're getting hot
water back there huh
water water check the water who talks
like that boy I love water no we're not
throwing garlic around the wing
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Mustard | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
this it's it's literally the best thing
he's ever made and he doesn't it's
borderline insulting today if any and
it's live we're gonna be making homemade
mustard very simple very satisfying I
have a couple altercations that I've
done to some traditional recipes and
we're gonna have some fun so let's make
some mustard Vinny and we're like all
right cool intro
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right so today we're making some
mustard from scratch goes great with
anything putting on your hot dog and put
it on your ham sandwich we're gonna
finish this up and put it on some real
nice sausages maybe a little pile of
sauerkraut I'll eat that any day of the
week so we have brown mustard seeds
yellow mustard seeds and then I have a
little bit of yellow mustard powder
which is just those seeds ground real
nice into a powder and then for the
liquid we're gonna be adding a little
apple cider vinegar a little verjus it's
just a pizza go yeah unfermented sour
grape juice that's unfermented though so
it's just they pressed a like half right
yeah under right under right not
alcoholic yeah all right so good for the
kids we're gonna use it for mustard
making but it adds a nice acidity nice
little sweetness it's delightful
and then last of the wild cards we're
gonna use sauerkraut juice add a little
bit of that it's a live aspect a little
more of that lacto kind of acid
brightness zing Zang it's gonna be great
so we're gonna start off we have our
mustard seeds we're gonna blend these
together reminds me of like playgrounds
with all the little balls and you're a
kid and you jump into them into the
balls no good fun I got this here you
could use a blender you can use your old
mortar and pestle if you want to really
get into it I got this here spice
grinder it's gonna work fine we're
probably gonna do it in batches of two
you don't want to go over filling it
because then it doesn't really work as
well all right ready see what that looks
like I always get nervous sticking my
finger in there I know like this little
actuator is what hits that and it won't
turn on without it but like I was
getting I don't like they don't stick
your fingers in there when it's plugged
in if you want to go sticking your
fingers in there unplug it okay I don't
need that on my conscience so that so
that is nice I'm gonna give it one more
little blitz yeah
little smack alright great that mustard
powder that doesn't need to go in spice
grinder because it's powder we're gonna
dump that right into nice two
tablespoons of salt high-quality ready
boom those are on dry ingredients so
we'll give those another nice little mix
yeah that's beautiful
huh when making mustard cold liquids
added to the mustard teases some serious
science going on here will create a
spicier mustard I like spicy mustard if
you want it to be not so spicy use warm
for our next trick mince five
tablespoons high quality sauerkraut is
juice look at that huh yeah I just want
to drink it okay
apple cider vinegar one quarter cup aka four
tablespoons oh that's the shot and then
there's you aa quarter cup again four
tablespoons well I got a little piece of
sauerkraut in there oh yeah ready and
next we just mix them all together
voila we're gonna mix this all together
and you're gonna be like Brad that's not
mustard it's gonna look real loose and
watery but as everything hydrates and
absorbs and becomes mustard it will
thicken up over time look how thin that
is you're like oh my god I screwed up
Brad doesn't know what he's doing
sometimes you might be right but not
today
that's that's fantastic and
[Music]
yeah let me get a spin hmm right it's
not ready but the flavor is nice and
leave him I mean I don't know this isn't
scientifically a fact with the
introduction of the sauerkraut juice and
some of the sugars from the bazoo at
room temp it'll probably even start to
get a little fermenting
so now we're gonna pack this into a jar
and try not to spill it all over the
place
oh that was and pay attention this is
very complicated
sorry little lid on and that's it we'll
throw a label on it we're gonna throw it
in the fermentation station it'll it'll
hydrate it'll thicken up flavors will
develop now you could go back and this
we probably done tomorrow
that'd be twenty four hours or I like to go three to
four days up to a week and it's just like
matures and gets nice we're gonna drop
that bad boy watch out drop that bad boy
right over here yeah check back Vinny
today's check back on I'm in a
[Music]
it's been three and a half it's been
it's been three and a half days and look
member it was super super soupy that
we're getting through that nice mustardy
texture pop the tops here whoo Oh a
little sweet from the burrs ooh nice
little burn to the nose
tingles the nostrils a bit I like how
it's got like some smoothness and then
it's got like cracked chunks and pieces
of it of the UM pepper of the mustard
seed and then there's full I like that a
lot and I made us a nice little snack
you know I met grilled up some sausages
okay there's a cool little product it's
sauerkraut but they put cucumbers in
there so it makes like little pickles in
it nice little acid for the fact that
it's all about the mustard but you got
to have your little what they call a
coot your mom is that the word yeah hey
a little crunch
you know yeah be how decent geek goes it
just add a little crunch you know like a
little crunch it's all through the
choices so I grow some sausages anyways
go look I'll bring it right over to you
I got this nice cool cool thing from
Lodge they make good stuff and it looks
we got some sausage I got this nice
little nice of a coil but boom boom well
I felt like the salt Bay again a couple
of these couple of those uh-huh
alright a little spicy chorizo come on
I'd boil so well thinking of respect to
sausage alright I poached it gently in
beer and then I just put it on a low
grit like a low flattop browned it up
real nice I don't want the casing to pop
you know I don't want to let fat to come
out I want to trap it in the casing so
there you have it with a little mustard
let's have a bite yeah hey Chris Rock Oh
perfect we made mustard and these are
the accoutrement or is that the word
sure if you want to just try the mustard
Oh
yeah yeah he doesn't it's borderline
insulting but it's art it's not well
don't go telling everyone category
killer yeah right it's good yeah yeah
please get in there look a little
sauerkraut would um because we put
sauerkraut juice in there - no that's
their thing these guys Cleveland never
been a Cleveland let's go but they put
cucumbers in that's not high and it
makes little pickles with them that's a
good idea
wow man you got it it's hard to get
Chris to say stuff like that we
definitely didn't pay him and he
definitely doesn't care he's honest Oh
goop it on hmm oh very good
the verjus brings a nice little
sweetness and it's even got a little
element of funk and comes from the
sauerkraut juice which i think is a real
ace up your sleeve there it's got
everything you need throw apple cider
vinegar and the longer you leave it out
a little more mellow it'll get but you
can also do store it in a fridge for
quite some time and it's delicious
Vinny this one's for you so there you
have it
easy-peasy made a little mustard try it
a little finer if you want or do whole
course you can even throw all the spices
in there if you want
get creative let me know how you like to
make mustard because uh I like to learn
so thanks for joining us folks again all
right Vincenzo hey bean cans oh and
Chris Morocco headphones in the kitchen
let's see if I can do this with us going
uh-huh
it's Baroness Vinny I can tell you about
twelve thousand people have I hit my burn when I
did that up the sleeve Howie
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Beef Jerky | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
you ever eat heart before Vince hey guys
today I'm it's alive we're going to be
doing a little beef jerky okay
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you know a piece of meat that's real
Marbley and fatty because in the drying
and preserving which is essentially is
what we're doing with jerky fat will go
rancid so you want to get like a nice
lean cut of beef this is called um I
round of beef I'll trim off this little
fat cap and then we'll slice that up
we're gonna make two types of jerky
today then we're gonna make a
traditional one which I like to call the
old timer and then we're going to make
another one
it's a little funkier it's got some
different flavors going on and we're
going to call that one bring in the funk
we'll get into that meat trim the fat
veiny you know what I mean
not easier trim and fat off this and
this nice so very important Vince come
on in here but so as you do I look Jesus
so you can see VIN on if you can check
this in zoom in but as you can see the
grain on the meat just like when you're
cutting a steak you want to cut it
against the grain so it'll break apart
easier instead of having to shred long
that's the way I like it if you feel
like cutting it the other way knock
yourself out but I highly recommend
going against the grain
[Applause]
[Music]
smells great so look I like to cut about
one eighth of an inch thick because it's going
to shrink when it t hydrates I don't
want something real thin you know it's
gonna dry out and turn in the cardboard
so we're gonna cut this up in the equal
parts I'll put one half into this one the
old-timer and one half into bringing the
phone
all right salt Bay
we're coming for you salt Bay he's
better yeah it's just cutting up real
nice I mean other than this if you
wanted to get nutty you can go cutting
that out because it will but it's fine I
mean it's fine I grew up making jerky
Vince I don't know about you but my dad
we always used to make venison jerky
because he was deer hunter and so was i
I'm starting to get back into it now but
I got out of it for a while we'll save
that for another campfire story Vince
what oh yeah we're that means wish I
could speak no I ain't good time then
this one's for you salt bay I'm never
doing that again - it means focus in
Jersey oh look at this Vinny I did this
for you
[Music]
so we've got two flavors I got the same
we're gonna do first let's do the
old-timer so I'm doing a little riff on
like the traditional kind of flavor that
I used to do with my dad back when I was
younger so this is about Chris's one quarter cup
of wishes she she she she she she her
sauce I'm gonna pour that right in okay
oh yeah
quarter cup maple syrup okay oh okay
this year I got a teaspoon and a half
salt fresh ground til Kelly Tellicherry
black pepper sprinkle that right in
there
onion and garlic powder big fans right
chili powder love this stuff well
cayenne pepper for some kick well dried
oregano boom and now here's for the
wild-card Vinny I got some capers all
right
kind of like getting into like a little
target I pulled this from like tart like
a tartare beef tartare recipe kind of
thing it's gonna chop those up real nice
a lot of capers then I'll bring a nice
little flavor to it too nice a little
funky and then for the last secret
ingredient I got a little bit of the
caper juice we're gonna pour that right
in there
all right so we'll just give that a good
mix and this meat just soaks up the
marinade it's such a flavorful recipe
all right so that's the old-timer
oh that's the stuff recipe number two
bring in the funk yeah one Fresno chili
I took the top off I'm gonna leave the
seeds in uh am i early the season yeah
we'll leave the seeds in just gonna give
it a crush just to get things opened up
a little all right I'm gonna throw that
right into the meat okay let me get rid
of that real quick one I want you to
take to a good glass of water so we got
our Fresno I got I get an inch and a
half two inch piece of ginger it's gonna
crush it huh oh it's dead all right here
we go just got bruising all right
love that ginger in there nice I got
some garlic that I already Alice if I'd
just crushed I got about three and a
half four cloves Alsip I
you know what it means so it's when you
crush the doctor don't mean you do this
when you crush the garlic no I'm not
doing it
whoa little piece bud Oh Oh spicy next
little Chinese five-spice powder
how's it going
great work yesterday quarter cup soy
sauce next honey two quarts of honey no
I'm just kidding we're gonna put no
let's see let's say two and a half three
tablespoons oh it's that good stuff
that'd be local baby well that's the
gold yeah there's a bloodhound right or
basket hound
well then pound dogs with the big ears
freaking I wanted a dog so bad oh here
we go we're gonna add that right to in
here great - in here
next well go G Jane good stuff it's a
Korean condiment you can get this
actually can get this online or in like
some Asian markets by you or
supermarkets they they usually have them
in there it'll give it some color it'll
give it some body it's just it's great
on something like this we're gonna add a
quarter cup of the gochujang four
tablespoons Vince I know you were
wondering
alright next this is why I recall
bringing the funk little fish sauce cuz
this stuff is it's got a you know it's
fermented fish and the liquid that comes
with salt and what comes off is this
liquid I'm gonna do ten dashes right one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven one more for good measure and
they were just gonna mix this up right
what am I doing with this all right
let's do it by hand oh that's the stuff
so that's a new angle for us Vince again
I know if I can't I feel like I dude
sometimes ah today we're gonna be making
you said briefs it babish
I wasn't British store in fridge for twenty four
hours
for you babby we're gonna throw this in
a ziploc I like to just take all the
oxygen out and just keep it in real nice
I'm gonna go grab two bags right man
hate to break up party but am i this
goes into the fridge overnight I don't
like to do more than overnight because
it can start to get a little weird and
mealy I just doesn't need it
to the walk-in mini after you don't
touch anything don't go here you know so
Tooting tomorrow Benny come back throw
it in the dehydrator cover all that
temperature times etc
said you can go home you did great today
[Music]
there's a lot of stuff in here Morocco
damn son a lot of chicken in there all
freakin half a ham
I guess he's aging it I don't care
anymore
Oh care anymore
no I do I care a lot I love caring all
right our jerky I pulled it out of the
fridge one day I come with the room temp
a little bit you don't have to do that
but I got a little excited as one does
when making jerky come on then check it
out that's the stuff
now we got that fancy dehydrator
everybody let me show you something you
can use any kind of dehydrator some
ovens even have some of these newer
ovens even have if you go looking at the
settings to do the tooth they have a
little dehydration setting yeah so we
got this nice it's all right this
dehydrator really need a new one I want
a nice one where I can get real
technical with the temperature so I got
it set up I'm trying to dial in it also
has is low and high that's not very
helpful so I'm trying to figure out my
own temperatures I like about you know one hundred forty is what I've been doing I don't want
it to get real leathery and dry it out
too fast it's looking nice and slow
we're in the market for a new one Vinny
but this will do for now
oh ho this is on the under tight wraps
it's gonna be black garlic see you in a
month yeah and then I got this little
temperature gauge air in here I think
they call them thermometers let's go
load up the trains Vinny when you go
laying these out on your racks you don't
want him to be touching no overlaps no
little shingling effects right
we're not roofing houses oh yeah this is
it well that's a lovely bag of death
those little grains everything's just
kind of soaked up all that all that
moisture and flavor all that marinade
like a little sponge yeah vibe down here
pretty nice you know Thursday summers
winding down we're just kicking up
whatever you're into always been a
glass-half-full kind of guy himself you
know
you know we don't need in Turkey making
its negativity all right say no saying
that so self-help video actually yeah
and it kind is ferment and stuff we're
helping you we're helping it yeah this
is definitely a self-help video
self-help what I say self-help self-help
this is definitely a self-help video
self-help where my English has never
been my strongest language oh yeah Ed
Gein or guying what was his name you
like crazy silly girl that dude that was
killing people back in the day and like
making lampshades and get out of the
skin masks and stuff anyway don't do
that
so on the gochujang fish sauce
Funkmaster I'm just gonna put a little
sesame seeds on this and I didn't want
him to end up on the old timer he's a
little cranky he only accessory
digestion issue
alright salt Bama sesame BAE I'm gonna
throw this in the hey watch I'll show
you then nevermind
God explain everything look so the put
one I'm putting this on the next layer
look all the little runoff doesn't end
up on the old-timers I'm gonna throw
these into the old dehydrator Benny look
at that baby
there's thumbnail jerky all right fool
around
we don't play with her food huh oh it's
dead wish me sometimes I had like three
arms great one hundred forty degrees about three four
hours it's uh time is it
okay ten forty that took a while ten forty I'll
call a comeback down was maybe we'll
check it out at around you know uh three
o'clock two thirty right I'll give you a call
oh yeah nice so I'm talking about here
let's bring them over to the frame over
to the spot Chris I done
the thing with jerky when you're
dehydrating is you know you might think
it's not done because it's still hot and
kind of pliable but um once it cools off
it usually will firm up I like to keep
me like a airtight container so that's a
little bit of moisture even though we
dehydrate them they're not completely
dry so some of that moisture will help
just kind of like mildly rehydrate it in
a very nice way yeah let's pull these
off and if there's any thick ones that
don't seem done we'll pop them back in
yeah this is looking good it's
marination just kind of penetrated all
the way through Oh Mia what's up babe
you like jerky jerky Oh show me oh we
got two different types here yeah you
really went for it it's gonna get the
fish sauce a little bit
malicious thanks bud now hear me out
real quick off the bat maybe a little
dry you throw them in a ziploc they give
off a little bit of their own moisture
and it'll be a whole different texture
the first Jerky's that I've really
really loved we're not banging him good
job yeah thanks bud thanks for playing
hey bear Gani
these are good I think they went a
little too long well hear me out I was
as I've tried to write but you tried
them out of the bag in a couple hours I
should just get a little recording
saying this agree I probably could have
win thirty minutes less all right thanks for
playing - to wait - for - okay we got a
caller Vince to the telephone we call
one Miss Rachael carton I heard she's a
major jerky fan let's call her
Alyssa number okay she better pick up
hey Rachel its Brad
down from the Test Kitchen you might
know me from great hits from series it's
alive so let me just give you the clicks
Peele we shouldn't tell that everyone
tasted it after the bag it's not that
dry all right it's a little dry you like
you like that better
that's the old timer Oh for a good good
while I've been eating the same batch I
made last week mm-hmm you know that's
this is an ancient method of preserving
meat you throw it in your saddle while
you're crossing the Great Divide back in
the day yeah Lois and Clark they had
jerky Lois like I said maybe we'll get a
little I'll have Vinny come down in an
hour or so and we can do a real quick
out of the bag comparison Vinny can you
hear me wink if it's a yes wink twice if
you need help
oh so we put our jerky back into our
they went into our bags
remember when it came out it was a
little little darker you definitely
couldn't do that remember yeah
Oh home run derby all day baby it's gone
no no no no all right mr editor look
old-timer it was a little dryer
remember on the outside now we're that
yeah right it's not cardboard by any
ease reflects it sure is so good it's so
good right it's such a yep Oh famous
words of Chris Morocco flavie's got
nowhere to hide great so yeah keep it in
a bag you know store it you don't want
to put it in the fridge and then take it
out for two days put it in the fridge
take it out because it's gonna sweat and
I don't know things that go a little
funky just eat it or you know keep it at
room temperature or google it I'd love
to know if you guys are willing to share
some of your secret ingredients or
preferred flavor profiles for jerky or
anything like that or anything else
you'd like to see us fool around one for
many times flying but we got to go so uh
jerky born empty quarters in Alaska
lucky dog I remember Alaska Jerry likes
jerky I don't know he's dead didn't get
a chance to ask him yeah bent edge BAM
boom Jerry tonane whoa get out of there
loud yeah you can't just go shopping
it's same thing he's got no respect
oh-ho I got no respect he said I sound
like Rodney Dangerfield once or twice
till I don't know if that's an insult or
not is he dead what I mean of course it
may come a time a week on the nature
don't care about the week you know
happens of the week
damn and these pieces the self self-help
video
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Pickled Fermented Eggs | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
but don't be pulling that crunchies no
no no no no no well not go to the
nurse's office all right Vinny today on
its live we're gonna be doing some
fermented eggs sounds a little weird but
it's kind of just a riff on pickled eggs
it's delicious do you make that'll make
some of the best deviled eggs you ever
had great on little Sam which will
probably do a little nice open-faced
tomato toast but it's relatively simple
you want more Oh buddy I'll give you
more
have you ever had a pickle day you walk
into some weird bar so I mean there's a
big jar with some funky eggs floating in
it they're delicious I love pickled eggs
always have this is just a cool riff on
it so I took some eggs Vinny and just
normal as you know nice eggs and a hard
boil them so what I do is I throw them
in cold water bring it up to a boil
okay as soon as the water comes to a
boil I cover it turn it off
let let these sit for like nine ten minutes
as soon as that timer goes off I dump
them in the ice water you want to shock
them with some cold water quick makes
her an easier easier peel I found so
just some hard-boiled eggs cook them
however you want next I got some garlic
I got three cloves here I'm just gonna
go crush them let those hang out for a
little bit let that little look at
Alison go a little bit of that funk
going and then we got a couple hot
peppers no friends no I'm gonna nip the
top off of these and then that's it I'll
cut this in half and then we'll leave
these whole just got two little sprig
tiny sprigs of dill it's a balanced act
with this so you don't want to go crazy
because it will start to really take
over the flavor and then some bay leaves
fresh bay leaves in my opinion one of
the most underrated what is it I guess
it's just a leaf they have so much
flavor and so much aroma to them
fantastic you can find fresh ones
they're great these are I mean these are
getting a little dry but they're fresh
and they're easy to grow you can buy a
plant keep it in your house or whatever
they're super nice to have so we have to
or into a little experiment all right a
little it's a live experiment so what we
do basically is we're gonna make a brine
I have three cups of water into the
water I'm gonna put two tablespoons of
salt in there boom all right you get
that shot Vinny like that whoa buddy and
then we got a half a teaspoon of sugar
just a little okay and then check this
out Vinny you aren't getting close to
this one but well yeah starter culture
this is just it's a mixture of bacterias
and yeast first starting fermenting
vegetables and stuff like that since we
don't have a ton of vegetables I like to
add this just as that little light for
us you can also you can have a little
plug of kombucha you can add a little
some sauerkraut juice some way any kind
of cultured bacteria you know culture
starter liquid that you have you can add
to the mix so I'm just gonna give that a
nice stir so this recipe that we're
doing I have twelve eggs and the amount of
water and the spices and stuff like that
is for twelve eggs but we're gonna split it
into two and I have just the whole
peeled hard-boiled eggs and then the
same thing here but I'm gonna take a
cake tester and I just I just want to
poke them in there I want the the brine
to penetrate in a little bit more and
help get a little more of that ferment
the lactic kind of acid into the egg but
I haven't done it before in theory it
should work but I didn't know if it was
going to make the egg fall apart so
instead of doing it to a mall I just
wanted to do it to half and then into
the jar we go it's a nice crushed up
garlic all right got a clove and a half
each some nice little dill just a little
bit you can really do anything but I
like to do kind of like a tree I'm kind
of treating it like a classic pickle
kind of vibe and then some of the fresh
bay leaves and I just like to bruise
them a little get the oils going then I
got a serrano pepper just gonna slightly
bruised it drop that bad boy in alright
and then a Fresno so we have our jars
everything is the same except for the
holes pricked in the holes pricked in
our in the other ones with the edges or
I didn't remember that let me write that
down because I'll forget to the station
we always gonna change always label your
tip yeah people love to take my tape I
got the good stuff that's why alright
so that's basically it next we take on
our master Brian that we made there that
we hit with that starter culture and I'm
gonna pour that I'm gonna give it a
little stir Easter real quick I want to
make sure everything's nice and
dissolved so we get a nice even pour
here yeah now this is three cups of
water a little over but we're gonna do
about a cup and a half in each we want
you the egg should be submerged that's
an important fact oh well yeah that's a
fact you want your eggs be submerged we
let this ferment for about I found the
sweet spot to be three days you can go
longer things start getting a little
weird they're very good but they started
getting a little different lid goes on
we'll give it a little turn II turn for
good measure hardly that
that's all look too bad and then we'll
throw these bad boys in the fermentation
station huh
oh we never got the spices mages little
mustard seed maybe a little black pepper
let's go see what we have in the spice
cabinet and we'll shop together then
it's mum hey Claire all right imagine a
pickled egg or a fermented egg in this
case all right we got dill we've got
garlic and hot peppers wait what kind of
spices
well coriander I'm into that what about
sue macular anything he's gonna do
anything we want that sumac Vince
Claire good meeting thanks Claire that's
how inspiration comes stems from whoa
Gabby Hey all right Vinny what are we
doing oh yeah I like sumac adds a nice
little acid kind of you know um there's
a tart taste to it and then we'll do
Corky in there you know everyone's happy
good back the table V being chained
though gossipy carry on
oh yeah smell that this is gonna be this
is a great idea Vince I think so sumac
let's think here this is a half a
teaspoon I'm gonna go a little shy a
half a teaspoon like that that's nice
all right and then we got just some
fresh coriander
maybe we toast it huh all right well
toast in your spices ways it's gonna
help bring out some of the oils in the
flavors and just make it real well it's
like one of those videos you see if
you're high
where you ever see like when they put
something over a speaker and then
they'll put sand on the speaker on the
on the glass and then the bass goes and
it makes these crazy vibrations are
fascinating vibrations are like fins all
right back to the seats if you guys have
gardens or window sills or anything
that's exposed to sunlight grow your own
herbs especially especially cilantro the
money wants the flower let it go in the
flower and let it it makes all these
beautiful seeds coriander seeds the ones
you get from a plant are just there
unbelief is almost like a complete
different spikes grow your own herbs
alright we're good then I'm just gonna
give these alive I took the I've said
the mortar and pestle this is the pestle
Clare mortar and pestle peso all right
we're gonna give them a little crush
that's just gonna really open things up
nothing crazy but just a nice little
cracking and then we'll do yeah like a
seven eighths of a teaspoon oh this is
beautiful
it's amazing when you toast your spices
how much they open up from just being
dried boom just like that and then we're
gonna give it a nice little shaky-shaky
we're gonna guys there's a snow globe
world any you ready oh my hands are
blocking you I'll just put it down okay
yeah so you want to mix them and you can
do this you know once a day just give
them a little mix or something but you
want to do gentle you know I want to go
busting up the egg so we'll pop this
into the fermentation station well we'll
pop these into the fermentation station
and yeah three days many so today's
Monday Thursday fermenting eggs I'll
make you a little tomato toast alright
it's gonna be wonderful
I know I told you to check back by was
it Thursday tasties day but here let me
pull these over which do a quick little
check it a little fermentation checking
I have a mess in low what I'm a little
but there you can see lots of little
bubbles coming up things are happening
it's a lot of pressure here see it's
pushing back on the thing there Vince if
you want to zoom in on this one we can
get a little crack snap all right didn't
do anything it's been it's been right
that's what I was thinking so I'm hoping
this up maybe we get a little i'ma wait
for you this time that's it that's how
you know it's working look at all the
bubbles now coming up everything's
moving around all that depressurization
these are the ones we did the little
prick holes in and these are the ones we
though you kept all nice like a little
pickle day right let me taste the brine
so I'll do you those tangy it's got a
nice little garlicky smell to it it
smells it doesn't smell bad at all you
would think you know we're trying to
pick a leaf or mint tea some eggs are
gonna be pretty stinky but it doesn't
really smell eggy at all let's get in
there and look excuse me we're trying to
make some quality programming here I'm
gonna cut one in half lengthwise this is
one of the pricks all right looks like a
hard-boiled egg I don't really see any
briny penetration not that there was
much color to the brine a good
experiment I guess we should try next
time Vince do it with like one with some
tumeric in it or some beet juice they
would diet red or yellow and that you
would see maybe little stains going in
it might look like a weird eyeball and
this is the one that doesn't have the
little the little prick holes in it
looks identical well yeah I think it
looks the same so let's try it by itself
here no salt no nothing this is the one
with the little with the pricks
mmm actually quite nice it tastes like a
nice seasoned
salted all the way through which means
that Brian did penetrate it's got a nice
garlic he dill it really does pick up
the flavors of what you put in the brine
so that's good that was pretty tasty and
let me try the Mormon out to breakfast
David's last pretty close but I think
the one with the holes had a little bit
stronger of a seasoning throughout it so
Vinny well maybe we'll make a little
eggs out of this huh it's gonna have
them and then I just like to take a
little fork okay and just start mashing
them up a little now they're already
seasoned now I'm gonna add a little bit
of salt but it really doesn't only
because we're gonna add some other
ingredients but it doesn't really need
to too much and then here I chopped up
just some little pickles you know those
little cornichons
Cornish Jones we're gonna add some of
that right into there I like that look
we'll just do a little pinch of salt
okay a little bit of black pepper no
wrong a little black pepper in your eggs
out you know I mean Vince what do I got
here some top secret man
mustard there without me and ol Vinny
been experimenting wit you're gonna
throw dab that in there and that means
put a little bit of mayonnaise oh that's
the stuff huh I think that's a pretty
good consistency it's gonna give a
little taste nice yeah no more salt I
think that's really good let's make it a
little something to eat man you're
actually getting a little shaky over
there
ten bucks we get Chris to take a bite
ten bucks
check this out Benny I got this real
nice dark dark rye bread all right got a
nice little tomato yeah buddy
that's the stuff nice tooth in August
New York baby huh tomatoes you're not
eating tomatoes now I will put a little
bit of just a little bit olive oil
little drizzle on that you got to put a
little olive oil on your tomato yeah
yeah and just a little black pepper
because it seems like the right thing to
do
oh that looks good huh yeah we can just
eat that but I'm thinking we could put a
little bit of this egg salad right on
top there nice little open face or and
then the thing we'll just do a little
chive you try
we take a little cut of this got to try
it out you know cut this up into little
triangles put it on your plate huh have
your friends over oh yeah mmm hey Emile
I get you to try something gotta pull
back the mustard a little bit on the
eggs oh but delish delish
I love how mustardy it is I feel like I
get like just like the egg and the
mustard together you get like the nice
kind of like fermented right working its
way through that if I didn't tell you it
was for men's aid you would you not
would you no I don't think I would know
I think I'd be like nicely seasoned Brad
look when you pickle with vinegar eggs
me I'm a little like springy yeah
rubbery tender this is like
three-and-a-half days after that I found
it does get like rubbery when weird
happen if you get backed off in the
cooking time of it if you had like more
like eight minute like a little more
jammy yeah I don't know if that would be
my thing I don't like cold jammy again
that's what's fun about cooking do what
you like
we're just here to help you we are here
to help you yeah have some fun just do
it bone Appetit
baby chop this up let's feed the gang
Chris ran what'd I tell you when we put
the knife down people get nervous you
know we got he saw a little fear in his
eye when we started talking about
Christian gonna try that fermented egg
where'd he go boom never seen someone
run to the office so hard who owes you
what I don't know nothing I got the end
of the day you didn't hear that thing
what's that
is this enough action for you oh well
now I go to the nurse's office
okay all right now scram oh my god
there's hair for god sake hey mother
came on the spoon
get out of here mustards antibacterial
it does let's just take a look cool it's
been so humid hot in the tri-state area
being well I guess what is the tri-state
around here so it's New York New Jersey
and either Pennsylvania Connecticut
depends who you ask
I always thought it was Pennsylvania
Connecticut I think it is gonna get
actually no I feel rude let's just let's
just wait a minute
you know consideration and courtesy
isn't dying thing in this world let's
bring it back
you

Title - Brad Makes Sourdough Pizzelle Cookies | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
so dark in here hey what are you let me
put the lights on and get some of that
free music or maybe we make some friends
with people who like music and I go we
won't see Brad if you play our song
anyway hey guys today I'm it's alive
we're gonna be doing a little cookie I
like to make is called the pizzelle
cookie I believe a lot of folks might
say it a little differently but we're
gonna call it a pizzelle cookie that's
just a flat crispy little cookie and
we're gonna use a little bit of
sourdough starter so we'll have a nice
little tangy lactic kind of sourdough a
zing to it we'll put a little ice cream
on it little cocoa powder it's gonna be
a chocolate sourdough is Oh cookie
cookie
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
part one we got the dry ingredients so I
got some real nice some spelt flour you
could use all-purpose you can really use
any kind of flour I guess I wouldn't go
using I mean I could glue 'tony flour I
wouldn't go using like a rice flour Judy
how can we help you huh all right so I'm
gonna add my one cup of flour and then we
have one teaspoon baking powder put that
right on top okay and then we have one and
one half teaspoons of salt one teaspoon one half a
teaspoon one and one half and then we'll do a
quarter cup of that cocoa Rouge just a
nice cocoa powder you can use whatever
you got if you can get your hands on
this stuff
real nice thank you Amy and mr Guittard
we'll put that right on top and then
we'll do a little sip fel magic oh okay
a little that little shakey shake little
rattle rattle eight tablespoons of
butter aka one stick we're gonna melt it
we put that in there we say forty five seconds
all right hope it don't blow up Vinny
so I got a little bit of a bigger ball
you could use a whisk if you prefer I
got love this here old electric beater
little electric mixer events you know
just like mom used to give you back in
the day you know ah Brad or Vinny I'm
making cookies I'm making brownies you
want the dough oh yeah you get them
tuned up nice you get the right ones and
make sure you get the right ones you
don't get all that clicking and clacking
oh yeah kind of like twin props on an
airplane you know affection
but today we're gonna be using this to
make Brazil okay it's two whole eggs one two
a and then two yolks look great over the
thing like an animal a little extra boy
and drop that right in there and then we
were this perfect garbage BAM cuz we're
gonna start that we're gonna whip this
or beat this until you shoot on for
about five minutes you want to get a
little bit of gold in the pale yellowish
just nice and well mixed well
incorporated oh yeah metal on aluminum
you know there's like little micro
aluminum powder shaving off into it well
you know what
aluminum is ever I think it's one of the
most abundant minerals is it a mineral
elements abundant resources in the world
oh that's perfect let's go check on that
butter real quick Oh perfect forty five seconds
good to know
all right one cup of white sugar okay
like that just another minute I just
wanted to have my sugar ready always you
know except for Parata I'm not quite
sure what that means I think it's from
the Coast Guard I'm gonna start snowing
in the sugar oh yeah it's gonna started
looking like a custard little ribbon
maker Molly do you like pizzelle cookies
dislike chocolate making egg in general
like white chocolate I get that
I don't know it's perfect all right one
tablespoon of vanilla paste we got our
sifted dry ingredients it's gonna get
real battery here what I like to do it
for this recipe I like to add my fat now
and then finish again with a little more
flour although maybe we don't do that
cuz it never done usually say God
baking isn't really one hundred you know I love
baking I do enjoy it but I'm not like
you know I don't know everything about
it clearly but I know like for a lot of
applications like for cooked if you want
something raw you would always add your
fat at the end of your of your mixture
of the wet and the dry I did it
yesterday
you know I added the butter rate to the
eggs and the sugar and it worked great
but everyone's like oh I don't know if
you should do that so I was thinking
maybe I'll add in halfway and then like
everyone's a little happy I'm just gonna
have a goal now it's gonna get nice and
silky velvety that's mesmerizing that's
like you know you go on them social
medias is that one thing it's called
yeah oh if you're high and it's like
mesmerizing things to look at look
that's that I can see et yeah even got
the complexion okay that's our batter so
we're going to put a little plastic over
that we'll let that hang out for a safe
fifteen minutes this is the one I made
yesterday and kept in the fridge and
look it like sets up pretty thick and
yeah you could do this ahead keep it in
the fridge for I don't know until it
goes bad I mean you added some starter
might get good keep it in the fridge for
like a week let me know Oh Vinny the
best part where you've been waiting for
oh look at this huh like two kids maybe
this one's for you but
oh yeah bringing it right back my mom so
yelling at me okay I'm gonna even pop it
in the fridge for a minute just let it
get nice set up a little bit it's a
little easier work when it's when it's
firm hey guys throw turns how we forgot
to put the starter into the pizzelle
cookie go big mistake yes but uh this is
where you would do it take about a half
a cup fold it right into the pizzelle
dough and you should be all set
luckily I mean Vincenzo had an extra one
from the day before in the walk-in we
use that one that one did have the
starter so we won so now we're gonna
make some pizzelles I got my little
old-fashioned iron over here check this
out picked it up at a garage sale
three dollars suckers look at
craftsmanship
staying probably worth sixty dollars you try to
make it now probably cost a thousand
definitely not well I got some of these
nice chocolate discs seventy three or seventy four what are
those disks for seventy four percent and look
we're just gonna chop them up a little
that's kind of satisfying too it's kind
of like after Moe the law on a real hot
day sit down on the porch and drink beer
I don't have front porch or a long that
would need to be mowed but boy it sounds
nice all right so I do like around a
tablespoon size
draw you know dos dos yeah those who
don't okay looks good just like that huh
damn we're mixing we're gonna pepper it
with a little bit of chocolate flack and
then I'll just mix it up like so so yeah
let's go to the iron now you tweak there
on these old ones the electric ones or
whatever you just kind of turn on
everything's perfect it works great all
right and people go how many seconds per
side bah bah bah this and that when it's
done it's done you know I don't know
so like everybody's little flame is
gonna be a little different it ruins
irons and I'll be a little different you
just kind of have to go and tweak and
adjust yeah use a little intuition
they'll use noodle and then I got the
little pan
pam pam pam already neighbors need a
little spray spray first ones never the
best so we'll do a little guy boom right
on right on right in the middle and
we'll let that go cook you know maybe
about thirty seconds each side flip it and
just make a little cookie that didn't
look good first ones not looking the
best oh it looks horrible Vince
no it's please Vince okay we're gonna
have to start again I don't know why
that happened I don't think it was hot
enough that's all did I fit yeah I feel
uh I fail at something almost every day
probably but no that's how you learn you
know like I said this old you know this
old iron it's a little fickle so you're
just gonna have sometimes you gotta play
it once you get it dialed in you start
cranking them out let's give it a shot
yeah a little hot see it's like I don't
think it was hot enough and we didn't
get a good news out if any where's my
paper towel a little wiper can't make
you the pizzelle cookies without a
little wiper ok back on the fire
all right I guess all right let's give
it a shot we're getting some pocket egde
but we're getting closer I think it
could cook for another minute - I'm
gonna get the iron a good clean and
we're gonna try it again okay if all
else fails and you can't cook the dough
just you know keep it in the fridge and
just eat it
or you can swirl it into your yogurt
that's disgusting
now we're gonna cook some pizza everyone
relax where's a little Italian
grandmother in need Vince don't even
have to be a grandmother just gotta be
able to make frickin cookie Claire
Claire some no it's let this eat up or
just fooling around
mom Wow yeah that's the guy we needed
whoa whoa whoa buddy whoa like a child
above a poorly behaved child and Chris
troubleshoot the second one was looking
like he wanted to but it was egg it
wasn't really releasing maybe just not
hot enough no yeah I Pam dit I Pam dit
pam pam pam it harder pam pam pam well
that's the most bit bam bam bam that's
like me well that was some Flintstones
right Bam Bam Bam Bam is cool
all right hi panitch all right I'm not
putting any more freaking Pam on there
and then look we got our dive know it
was a lot more Chris look it's dripping
send me fine we just need one Vince
which is need one no it was cranking
them out yesterday slinging pizzelles
like nothing I think we're going to be
fine all right
I feel I feel okay all right let's hope
fingers crossed any
- fingers crossed it's stuck again Chris
this is terrible Vince I'm thinking I'm
just gonna burn it in
so remember some iron difficulties don't
know what so I'm gonna try to blast that
thing on high heat for a little while
get it real hot spray it with some Pam
wipe it do a little like quick kind of
like seasoning on it and then we're
gonna try again and if it doesn't work
then Vinny then we're gonna pour the
batter on top ice cream and eat it and
then go home and look for new jobs
yesterday things are working great today
we're having a little problem you know
but uh you don't want all you know a lot
of people switched over you know
technology a lot of people switched over
to the electric one I heard they work
flawlessly but you know this is not as
fun you know right things aren't we're
having fun
Claire classic okay we need you clam
heaven all right I need the channel
gourmet pastry chef yesterday is working
great today was sticking a lot maybe you
recall that Twinkie
when you Thrain on sticking around
nonstick surface it just gets weird it
makes me sick but that's not what's what
I thought I understood the world but
it's work yeah but I'm saying over time
it builds up like a residue that then
things stick - all right well I'm gonna
try what Pam again but that was good and
then we get push out which is fine just
not too long it's fine no wait sizzle
sounds good meetings meeting you think
it's done or you're in a rush we can't
ask her boy I'm so nervous yeah open
yeah Oh God Oh
Appa's a li ah suits Claire shows up
freaking the pastry universe opens up so
it wasn't hot enough lesson learned and
that's it cooking if something isn't
working just wait longer just wait
longer
just be patient Claire thank you for
joining I'm glad we got through that
together if you all have a pizzelle with
some ice cream on it all right
see he isn't that nice Vince well you
know we were worried I was a little
worried but things panned out a little
hot on that side we burned a little but
that's okay this will be a real crispy
one let's go make some more pizzelle
he's all right now I'm getting fired up
this you see little hot little Pam
little judge see the reason I get all
that push out and everyone makes fun of
me all you know that extra batter coming
out if you guys I want to get a place
full cook
okay it's messy business no one said it
was gonna be easy
Vince then it's easy super easy or clean
all right I'm making a mess you make it
up as addle are you making a mess you
make it a presenter you make it a mess
Vince just the way it is everybody knows
that huh look good
well we'll make a little a little choco
taco for you but hi this is fun now what
your us Benny kicking ass bad make a
freaking mess but big whoop now we're
making a APA's Ellie look starts off
real crisp like pliable and then it
firms up real hard so you can make all
fun little shapes if you want to play
with it you know get a little bull mold
it in there make one your little waffle
cone kind of cup both don't do that well
yeah I said like pancakes are just gonna
get the rhythm man get me lucky egg now
we're on like a medium heat here that
seem to be you want to really get your
pan hot and then cook on a medium and
they're only taking twenty fifteen seconds twenty
seconds aside I think again you're gonna
find your sweet spot play with it the
recipe makes a decent amount so then
it's easy all right you got some kids or
something you start whipping out these
things who's better than uncle Vinny huh
uncle Brad BAM
pan pan a mess sorry
pan pan
and then you just clean up some of the
little edges if you want in a little
burnt ones if you want to make it real
pretty you know for your little special
someone in this case it's going to be
Vince
perfect dismount stuck the landing the
judges are in there giving it a eight point two all
right so after these things come out as
you see they're a little pliable but you
let them set up just you know in a
minute or two and they get their you
know crispy wafers and then you can do
whatever you want but I'm really you
know have it with a cup of coffee what I
like to do we're gonna make a couple
little ice cream sandwiches where I'm
gonna put a little vanilla ice cream
down there nice nice I'm a chocolate ice
cream kind of guy but in this
application you could go chocolate on
chocolate on chocolate but we're gonna
do a little contrast Oh baby and I want
to go crack in the cookie so I'm gonna
do these nice little wide flat scoops
we'll put a little all right you can eat
it like an open-faced sandwich or just
do a little topper oh yeah you show up
to the party with something like this
forget about it or even you know if you
throw it out even we'll make them a
little nicer film that all even and then
roll them and crushed peanuts or
hazelnuts whatever you're into look at
that one we'll make one more Haven it's
not a Klondike bar yeah we got a nice
little chocolate on the outside crispy
thin wafer on top chop a towel Vinny a
little buff up pop reminds me a little
bit of like a choco taco oh yeah really
good we'll put those in the freezer and
maybe we're like in the little Bowl to a
bowl of ice cream
all right put my little is that cookie
in there yeah a little cocoa powder
we're talking about that coffee before
Vinny let's go make a little espresso
we'll do a little I forgot oh I forgot
oh oh if you don't wake off of God or
tell you where you go there's our
cookies relatively easy once you get the
rhythm going
it's a real good way to use your extra
sourdough starter get a little more
flavor in there yeah that's kind of
pretty many get in there yeah
oh but it's chocolate funny how my
opinion I think it's one of the most
perfect cookies for ice cream you know
what's really next is you get that
little bit sour tang from from the
sourdough starter that we put in there
really happy with these super easy have
fun and make some pizzelle cookies Bon
Appetit
oh yeah here ready I forgot though that
one's for you I want to go on a boat
Vinny doesn't this make you want to go
on a boat or do something fun just like
ASMR Hey
like a baby's head sauce when it comes
out thank God to say that very forgiving
no one would be
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Miso Paste | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
okay thank you for noticing then he
cleaned it up took it all off guy having
shaped up the face a little
whatever let's get going hey guys today
on it's alive we're gonna be making a
little bit of miso I've made it before
several times and it does require a
little bit of time I'm gonna use like
air like two years well funny you ask I
actually you're kind of blowing the
secret for us all right sorry
well I have I have some nice ones set up
that I started a year ago that have been
aging for years whole show
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
traditionally miso is made from soybeans
but you can pretty much miso think you
can miso just about anything I know this
guy's over a moment go a David Chang and
all they have a probably have a line of
miso is where it's like all so you can
do you know chickpeas you can do people
have done corn you can do all kinds of
stuff give me so just about anything
miso you've any so what I did is I had
some soy beans one part soy bean one
part chickpea one part great northern
beans so I cooked those all here so it's
a total I got a total of um a total of
four cups of beans that I added to ten
cups of water
next ingredient in the miso is Koji Koji
is a rice is a rice grain that is
inoculated with a mold so it's pretty
much just covered in a mold you can get
this up calm or Japanese supermarket if
you're lucky enough to have one we got
one here in New York called sunrise it's
wonderful check it out if you haven't
been in you're in the area and then I
got twenty grams of salt
check this out meaning I got the goods
on to good there's only one there's
three ingredients in here you might as
little splurge a little get some good
ingredients so cook those and then now
I'm going to strain them but we got to
reserve the liquid because the liquids
gonna go into the into the miso making
process that's good right so I got about
five four and a half cups of water I'm
gonna of the bean cooking liquid I'm
gonna need four cups so that worked out
great next move is our beans and we go
get a big bowl all right Manny hold on
and see I'm gonna we're gonna mash these
beans up so I like to get one with a
little bit of a flat bottom
it's like temperature is important so
you don't want your beans to get cold
but you don't want them too hot so I'm
gonna stick that in there we're at one hundred thirty
hundredths of a climb in one hundred forty degrees you
can't add the Koji until a one hundred degrees
Fahrenheit I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna
place this our cooking liquid in the
fridge
I remember just gonna let that chill a
little bit all right buddy okay so
here's our beans nice and cooked alright
nice clean hands you want a nice clean
hands and what we're gonna do is we're
just gonna mash these up you don't need
to pulverize it into a complete mushy
paste you can I've done that works fine
but I
like to leave a little bit of texture to
it so not a lot but a little bit it's
like I said we're gonna be making a red
miso so that's gonna age for I mean you
can go you know minimum six months but
up to two years some people go even like
you know four years so I'm gonna keep
mashing you in here but put that thing
on zoom I kind of like it a little silky
a little smooth not a ton of texture but
uh you know that's completely your up to
you it's not gonna affect the process
it's just gonna affect the texture the
final texture of your product Vinny I'm
having a little bit of a flashback you
know what that smells like but remember
the time we made beer over at the old
Suarez family brewery check out the
episode smells just like that spent mash
that we drained out there member I said
you know I stuck my face in it oh by no
means is that underrated anyway let me
see what this is that Wow we dropped we
dropped about drops about twenty degrees
just in the mashing process so we're at
one hundred fifteen I'm gonna throw this into the fridge
here in the meantime if any way that
comes the temperature let's talk about
what we're gonna put it in I got this
here a nice crock little fermenting
crock pretty nice check it out at Boston
Potter hooked me up with this little
little fermenting crock that he makes
and today we're gonna fill it up with
miso so you want to get something that's
non reactive it's not going to you know
have a negative corrosion effect when
it's you know if there's a decent amount
of salt excuse me I wash it before with
a little white vinegar distilled white
vinegar and then just rinse it out with
a little water now is you gotta wait for
that to come to tempt any where we at ninety eight
degrees that's fine here's the water
they're cooking bean liquid is a little
bit warmer but time we mix it it's gonna
be perfect and I've been don't worry
about all right so we got our mashed up
beans okay we're gonna add four cups of
water total are the bean cooking water
what do we got here
we're about four and a half so I'll
leave a little bit I'm gonna add just a
little bit now just to get it so I can
mix it up a little easier okay we're
gonna add all eighteen grams of salt so I'm
just gonna add a little bit to here now
get that in there nice and then just
start to mix it up and it's an
interesting week we get to Bert
Clara all right all right little bonus
for you guys in the miso making process
you there's a byproduct which is
essentially tamari which is a beaten
free soy sauce so we have these beans
there's water in it there's salt in it
and there's the beans and the Koji and
over time I will get to that stay with
me hear me that's why I never did good
in school yeah teachers talking about
something reading something and I'm in
there bouncing off the walls staring at
freaking squirrels in the trees you know
and now we're gonna add the Koji and
this was five cups of Koji mixed that
ready and i'ma do it in a little batches
here now I'm gonna put on some some
gloves and do this by hand all right
baby oh whoa Jesus Ben that's a new
angle pal nice to meet you now if you
wanted to if you wanted a much smoother
me so at the end you could take those
Koji granulars put them in like a
Vitamix or some and buzz it into a
powder but that's not what we're doing
this time I'm sure there's bunch of guys
already making your own miso out there
and stuff I'd love to hear what you've
me sewed all right Vinny make me so
either you Vinny let's now we're gonna
pack it into the crock Vinny remember
we reserved two tablespoons of salt take
one tablespoon you have to measure it
just by half of this and you want to
coat the bottom of your crock what this
does is I believe is just help you know
prevent any kind of mold raining forming
on the bottom
might also help in the drawing out of
liquid and then reserve some to coat the
top too but we'll get there so you want
to pack that down nice now I do have a
decent amount left over I have a smaller
crock vessel all filled up like I said
it takes a year so there's no point in
doing a cup of it
I mean I'll save this I'll do this later
oh you're back okay
it's got an internal temperature real
quick all right well it's dropping when
we went in there it was about one hundred two
degrees actually but you're shooting for
you wanna be as close to one hundred degrees as
possible that temperature is like a real
happy spot for for the koji and that
heat will start to activate fermentation
which is good so what I like to do is I
take a piece of cardboard okay do a
little trace all right we're gonna go
ahead cut that I got this little razor
here careful you can really cut the hell
out of yourself with this thing
one time I was cutting a piece of
Plexiglas previous life I was a glazier
not a great one but I did it for I was
kind of piece of plexiglass him I was
holding there something it slipped and
he went brand-new razor I just put the
thing in like this put it look you can
still see the scar you see that line
right there evany has nothing to do with
me so fifteen stitches right down to the bone
freakin terrible all right so don't do
that pop that right out of that huh you
place this in here and that's gonna be
our lid and then we gotta do a little
piece of parchment Oh check this out any
trace that right like that right didn't
I we've already knife voila
parchment all right now that remaining
tablespoon of salt did you want to go
ahead and sprinkle that right on there
and that acts as a nice little
protective barrier too if you find
little pieces of mould you know it can
be white mold a little bit of green mode
you can just scrape that off it's fine
put a little more salt on black molds no
good
okay you might want to that's know that
you might want to start over here's my
nice little balls look how good that
fits me to get in there and now we're
gonna put this on which is our major
seal topper okay that gets pushed
straight in like that okay what I have
here some stainless steel ball bearings
okay I found these thousands of them no
they're not Clarence I found it yeah I
found that the World Trade Center Clara
Carla remembers there was buckets of
them they arrest her arm away
we ended up perfect for pie weights
actually but back to the Mesa so what
you want to do you want to weigh it down
and that will help push out the liquid
it starts off giving off a lot because
there's a lot of moisture but as it
dries out it will excrete less and less
soy sauce until until nothing is coming
out twelve six twelve seven then miso
medley because we used three different
types of beans so yeah we're gonna put
this over in the fermentation station
over there and we'll check back in a
week
oh one last tip in the young stages in
the young stages of me so I like to put
it in I'll make a little sheet tray or
in like a little a little vessel in case
you have a little overflow you know what
I mean but come back in a week Oh Benny
after you get in there don't touch
nothing
what are we coming here for alright so
it was a week ago we set up our miso
pace and now it's been yeah it's been
one week that liquid I'm going to strain
it off into a little vessel and we're
gonna we're gonna reserve that I wish
you could help me sometimes Benny well
yeah they don't teach you that in
culinary school eventually it will stop
producing as much liquid it will
continue for a while but that's how much
soy sauce came off in in one week and I
spilt probably another quarter cup on
the floor on the table there I put these
in the the little lids back on so the
weights go back on maybe we'll do
something real fun real quick then you
just see what the internal temperature
is in there sisxty eight sisxty eight and a half oh that was
pointless I'm gonna go back and put
these back into the fermentation station
over here let them hang out for you know
another eleven and a half months and now
we're gonna do a little magic here drum
roll please to swap a ball swap spinning
the one year okay I set these up to twenty four
I'm not I think this might just be silly
soybeans
regardless it's the same you'll get the
same outcome so that was still very gold
still very you know the color was still
very blond this is the tomorrow that we
drained off the one week old me so as he
time goes by gradually it starts to get
darker starts real blond and eventually
it gets this soy sauce looks the same
color as that in there this is the
tamari from these vessels there was a
lot more of it I've been using it gave
some to some friends and what I do is I
collect it and just keep adding it to
the same jar sometimes once I get to the
real late aging of it and it just starts
to give off that real dark molasses kind
of miso soy sauce I reserved a little
bit of that separate just cuz it's like
real special put that out a little bit
of like raw fish or just you know on
some rice or something it's it's pretty
special it's it's nothing like any of
the Saudi sauces that you're buying in a
store I can go ahead and decant this
take it out of the best
in case you don't know what that means
when you look you can see that on the
edge that's where that's how dark that
Mesa the soy sauce comes out but here's
just the straight miso paste you know
some real nice ways to use me so
obviously a real easy thing is miso soup
make a nice little dashi which is you
know bonito flakes and some kombu some
water just kind of steep look that up if
you want to do it and then I drew a
little miso and some seaweed really easy
really comforting delicious you can add
up the dressings and marinades it like
breaks down and dissolves into into
liquids pretty well do some nice real
like black cod or some halibut a nice
white fish it's a great way to add a
little extra depth of flavor I mean
sometimes I even like to just take a
tablespoon of it drop it in a braise and
just let it melt into there once I take
it out of this vessel I usually just
pack it into either like you know pint
containers or ball jars or something
what I do you know when you go get the
little miso from the supermarket the
supermarket and it has that little kind
of like topper that's on there's had
that little paper thing I store it like
that too I make a little topper for it
because it can start to you know hard
and get a little crusty you know it
means you just want to keep the oxygen
off it sealed container in the fridge
I'm pretty sure it lasts for almost
forever so make me so have fun cook with
it let me know what you like to cook
miso wit and put it in the old comments
and bone Appetit yeah I think that was
good so the guy didn't I didn't bring
enough to the table no I'm not
disappointed in myself int oh what's
that sound like
won't you be my neighbor who isn't that
what's his name telling mr Rogers but
it's delicious
use it
[Music]

Title - Brad and Matty Matheson Make Fish Tacos | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hey guys today on it's alive we're gonna
be making a little uh that I don't seem
right Vinny hi hi Brad
hey guys hey I'm it's alive we're gonna
be making a little fish tacos you got a
nice little guest with us Matty Matheson
guys might know him vice he's got his
book he's got a show he's got himself
myself he's wonderful
perfect human
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so yeah we're gonna do a little halibut
fish taco
halibuts really nice comes from Alaska
this one does I do believe you can get
them on the East Coast two in the
Atlantic yeah there's a bit of cold
water deep bottom feeder they get bigger
than both of us they don't make sense
that's a big boy that's your big boy so
I've never made tortillas in my life and
I've even a lot of people probably know
this I I don't hate on the corn tortilla
I just I like a flour tortilla better
ooh
so this is a really nice opportunity I
think for we're gonna Brad chef Brad
here did convert me all right we'll try
anything so yeah a little pork fat when
you hook that up in the microwave and
then salt that's it that's all we're
gonna do and then just water and then
water
let me zap these two things yes all
right microwave real quick Benny okay
all right we'll do twenty five seconds great
we're melting the pork fat all right I'm
over here with the masa we're I'm
protecting the masa the fat won't melt
this is you know I think the water
taking all the energy from the microwave
I don't know how things work I don't
really like them chef Mike chef Mike
chef my bed I worked in this restaurant
my first restaurant job was at this like
fake fine-dining restaurant these are
microwave a lot of things in it and they
would call it chef Mike chef Mike
they're like head of what the chef Mike
like like a rack of ribs oh fuck get the
world I was just a dishwasher you know
as and how you gonna keep up with Chef
Mike so Mike wait is it bubbling boo boo
yeah oh yeah we're liquid oh my goodness
all right so really easy pour salt in
salt how much salt dissolve it I
measured it for you okay I'll pull the
water in and then I stir yeah okay and
it's it's a real simple dough so it's
just it starts off a little shaggy and
then it here you go here yeah then I'm
gonna hit it with the fat a little
drizzle of fat baby you're getting that
but oh my goodness look at that people
have any little fat chisel keep working
a little not too wet shouldn't be sticky
should be a nice little ball with a
little a little bit of mild bounced
should we need it do we need it yeah go
ahead yeah right in the hands otherwise
sometimes it starts to stick a little
because of the fat I just
he's get it all nice and incorporated oh
you're a natural
look at those hands tortilla it's so
nice and warm it's like hold my Chi like
a like a warm diaper just kind of like
that you got kids Matty I got I got I
got one one baby boy and then I got
another I got a girl on the way
Oh Congrats yeah I got a baby I got a
two-year-old boy Wow mine too oh two and
four months or some shit oh you did -
turn to a May it's amazing it's the best
dude and I got another little boy it was
boring this name do congratulate look at
us dad's oh ah dad's own unlike it is
that nice that's frickin perfect Wow oh
I'm going to pop that right there and
then we're just gonna cover it with a
little plastic you don't want you got
covered otherwise the oxygen you know
oxygen kills everything
oh it does it's funny how it like it
gives you so much life literally life
without and it just ruins everything you
peel an apple at the end of day
everything dies from everything dies
oxidation life
give us some take us so just gonna let
that sit for about it you know an hour
hour and a half you can make this ahead
you can make this a day ahead I like to
have to let it rest for like an hour I
like to pop it in the fridge I find it's
like a patch a bruise a yeah exactly
Bon Appetit so next Vinny well we're
let's do the sour cream mix okay get the
sour cream gone yes go ahead and plop
that right in here I'll get your spoon
all right no he's a pro little lime
juice okay stand back make sure it does
go in your Hall you matters yeah no
right I'll do one of these matters can I
do one is a family program what's this
called it's a citrus juicer does
everyone have this at home
definitely cuz this is what's something
that you need at home this is something
you can get definitely out like a
William Sonoma for like this is probably
like two thousand dollars I try like thirty five okay it's thirty five dollars
we mix that up maybe we need a bigger
bowl huh no no smaller smaller maybe use
like a fork just gonna dry it one get
the biggest complete we're gonna eat it
nor'easter this up yeah yeah so we're
gonna fully incorporate the lime juice
is it already acidic sour cream exactly
and that'll brighten it up a little and
it'll also loosen it up a little
mmm what's that's fine chef so this is
you can get in your supermarkets just
just that chipotle in adobo sauce two
tablespoons and then here I got some
some spices and salt a little onion
powder a little chili powder what the
hell else is in there garlic powder
dip this in there you a little taste
good yeah let's find out what you think
it needs might be a little spicy a
little zing go bingo single be tested
this recipe for sure
cuz that's perfect we're gonna live boom
alright so we'll throw that over
somewhere here Bennett you along for our
fish we're gonna do just a little
cornmeal dredge like oh I love a
cornmeal dredge mmm and here's just some
spices spices works places do we have
once again are we replicating the spices
there and we're building the flavors the
foundation of this whole taco yeah
big-time
you know a joy to be out of them some
Cayenne because we all have that you're
okay a little more heat yeah
onion powder garlic powder chili powder
cayenne and some salt
gotta have are we gonna I want to see
something though are we gonna mix that
and then add that to this bowl we're
gonna add this to the small bowl neither
neither no no this is the season just a
fish itself and then just a formula
because if we were to fry this this
would make the cornmeal actually turned
dark and not golden right I'm trying to
figure this out maybe I'm a professional
we did maybe unknown at all I like for
your head rubs that'll maybe do a little
a little riff on that I usually just
season the fish with a little salt okay
dredge it dredge it fry it oh and then
that's a little Baja banger no okay then
I feel that so maybe we both maybe we do
okay fish but cuz you already have salt
in here so why don't you do that and
then I think if we did that on it and
then we put it into the cornmeal okay
and then or we don't we do it your way I
don't know what happening Vince knew
Vince knew everything a damn mastermind
Chuck don't get them going please Matt
all right matters matters Bilbo all
right for our next trick here that cut
is switch sides this is okay how's a
continuity switch how's the continuity
we switch find new ax T sides this is
okay switch I'll cut up the cabbage and
if you want what do you want me to do
yes they can lace here tell me one chef
and I'll try my best
if you're thin shift knob okay chef it's
shifting on yeah boom boom Oh God he's
on my gene Oh stunt double
I don't know that'll do
man oh man perfect throw that right in
here and then we're gonna below them a
little bit of some uh some cilantro so
this is easiest doing a rough chop yeah
and like a sliding but you don't mince
you know bruise so like like a basil a
basil a basil well how would you say I
say I owe ya basil basil I say basil
good a little bit of soak a little bit
salt is it gonna really bring out a
little bit of moisture and what you saw
I said to that give a cabbage a little
crunchy so those are good let me pop
that I want to mix them at all you're
just gonna leave that so it's a little
more cilantro so equal parts the Lancer
two cabbage on this slaw and you don't
mix you just put a bunch of salt on top
yeah I mix it I mix it a little okay did
you can see I wasn't watching that's
okay
I was unfocused it's fine I'm here for
you no one's back this is great let's do
six of these right now all right deal
how I do you want to do well we only
prizes along you ever hear you know I've
been dying to do it go noodling Oh bro
what's it with the catfish do you know
yeah so when I worked at this French
restaurant mm like three with me and my
friends Michelle and Alison used to call
ourselves the Noodlers and we and I've
never gone noodling but in my heart in
my heart please I have a close
connection to noodlin I want to go
noodling so why don't we go bro Appetit
no I only fly business class though only
does that yeah me too Vince Emirates
brought to you by Emirates let's go fly
fishing in Montana
wait do you guys wanna see is compliant
fishing gy z is going space dude you
want to see the big man the big boy big
boy boner is full Gravlin imma pop this
in the city I'm gonna let that chill
alright chill out
let me get rid of this how's your arms
don't worry about him this is what Vince
looks like you don't want to use a
mandolin I'll get it
these are twenty dollar pop and they have taken
more lives took my fingertip oh my
goodness how many times how many chefs
how many chefs have ruin their lives
shave these down real nice mm-hmm mm-hmm
then we'll start making tortillas I like
this you know people think that like TV
magic is so you see Brad he is white
drop a table there's nobody coming in
there and helping him out no he's alone
he's alone he's a long Vince is here
Vince I eat all ventas here this is
broken no no it's perfect oh oh you
never used one no but you're a smart
cookie
so okay catch test kitchen assistant
Gabi main showed me you know I was
thinking maybe I'll practice the sauce
yeah yeah no she was like no no no take
a little this is natural yeah and it's
got its own little natural hinge little
bone your little ball there all right
boom boom put the blanket on nice nice
so we've been dabbling around for a
little while it's probably been about an
hour or so I like to break him and get
this whoa Road Road only one we got them
all right so it's rested it's nice we
got our ball Wow okay nice nice I see
not sticking malleable leaving that
little Doupe Doupe Doupe dimple but as
your work and you want to keep it
covered
right cuz the old oxide it gets us
there's this thirty grams one perfect
tortilla thirty grams it depends of the
asking yes okay thirty great on the nail ooh
Wow chef Brad is so great okay now I
want to see what's my gram that looks
nice
honestly audible to your gut did you see
that I reached over I second-guessed
myself when I see the grammar there I
know
Oh what is it thirty four is it yeah real life
that was awesome
hey anyone get over here and get this
bud could horsing around so lucky I like
to push it up you would think right in
the middle but you know they get kick it
up just don't just uh just a hair okay
all right and we put the blanket on and
off that bad boy huh and then just pause
give it a go a pretty good look not too
much not too much okay that's my first
tortilla I'm gonna take a photo I'm so
excited that looks like it's gonna be
dry
come on I don't know it's too thin we
just started yeah that's too thin I feel
we're gonna cook it anyway
okay because Vinny we want to see we
got now they're kind of like you ready
yeah they're kind of yeah they're kind
of like pancakes I don't like them
pancakes too much you don't like a
pancake really but they're kind of like
pancakes the first ones never really the
best okay so they tell you you want to
just like palm it and kind of just go
like that
maybe a little too thick maybe we should
pop it in the fridge for a man I think I
just don't need to press that hard I
think I figured it out yeah first one
yeah okay so we put it up in the middle
we put the fold
cuz we want a little I think the trick
is that you don't even do it that much
you go Oh Marla okay see if you can just
flop it and then peel it with your
finger and you just go right onto the
grill
okay we'll cook that one just for the
sake go drop her yeah just let her cook
and that's our little burner yeah we're
only gonna get better
yeah right is my computer open can you
check may be searching email this looks
okay she's the worst she ain't the best
we're perfectly mediocre over here they
all be a Test Kitchen no no we're gonna
get those things no this is good I think
your melon man there's the first one
I've ever made we're gonna get good but
we're gonna I think we even make them
like fatter a little fatter and smaller
yeah like fatter and smaller almost like
laying like casados yeah all right you
know have you been in casados so and
No
[Music]
in LA I've never been to LA shut up I
swear to God if you like to see us do a
taco tour we should go to LA I'm Brad
and if you'd like to see me and Matty go
to LA for a taco tour PA fans vote I've
never been to LA that's crazy
I never been south of San Francisco
where you from New Jersey Hills no
Vernon
Verde part okay all right Oh buddy
so this is chef Brad's look at Brad's
Brad's is really nice-looking mine hole
all balls and then you want to steam
them yeah let them hang out under that
little towel and then the steam is
actually what makes it kind of fluff up
oh I tried to do your mind can't eat
this yeah this is like a learned it do
whatever you want with that I mean
you're not the best by themselves look
good no bad it's the best taco you've
ever grateful to you ever are my life
yeah well that's stack Vinny get in here
buck you're missing the game you're the
chopper down there piden oh yeah those
are good all right so everything let's
go get the fish it's fish time yeah it's
fish time they take a walk the dog
walking with me walk Christopher Walken
is my office this is it yeah that's not
you got some acorns oh jeez Louise
turning the lights off halibut matters
matters he already had that on there
yeah you already thought of that
nickname Oh for months what a crazy
person sex swing drops yeah so our
buddies up from Juneau last Alaskan
seafood told him I was making some fish
tacos he was like we've got to have the
halibut I feel like even in Canada a lot
of people just use frozen tilapia
tilapia we're like no sea bass I mean I
like to use what's in season and stuff
but I tell you what especially this way
of frying I get that it just comes out
like that's beautiful it just comes out
like this beautiful like ocean bomb it's
it I was very happy very nice hmm yeah
maybe we'll have this
this way and then cut she's perfect all
right you don't want too much you don't
look to me tacos that are like these big
like donkeys but I just like a perfect
ratio of like shell you want the
tortilla the the filling balance ya
ratios yeah that's nice boom alright so
we're gonna add some of these we'll
start it off with a small batch we'll
add these boys oh ok sold on hold on
yeah here's about to start just throwing
fish in a dry ass corn
yeah we're gonna okay and we're gonna
throw them right in here look at this
I'll tell you salt high and above on the
internet chef and if you seasoned like a
deer down here spot welder go go right
into the corn like that that's pretty
put that on your cover you could be my
official here we'll go over here okay
I'm gonna crank this up a little bit I
like to get it up to four hundread Vince yeah easy
you know it's a coup don't wanna be I'm
not crazy cover girl that's pretty much
it will take any sponsors we can get
I'll take makeup lipstick I've been
saying it for a while I want to bring
like I'm in or someone's probably doing
it but like comfortable like dresses for
men yeah I think they're just called
dresses I think anyone can wear all
right into the oil will only fire one in
as a sampler Oh
always got to do a sampler you know it's
not a big piece of fish so you I really
wanted up four hundread four hundred twenty five something like that so
you know it's gonna cook quick and you
want that outside corner to get a little
golden
everything he's saying is true true so
you can see that nice Bowl
join your seasoning no we're not there
I'm gonna drop yeah I'm gonna drop all
the rest and look at boys in since we
achieved you want to crank the heat
right now cuz you're gonna drop the
temperature right exactly I already did
that but you're right okay cuz we're
dropping a cold fish into hot oil and
you would you know it does drop the oil
but these peas are pretty small they're
pretty small that whale is pretty high
four hundread
we're getting there don't put your
anything ear in that nope yeah I got a
story my dad it's nice yeah it's
beautiful it's pretty it is and here
we'll go right into this nice little
Bowl boom turn that down a skosh oh I
did this ahead of time guys but it's
just some quick pickled onions it was up
there some recipes on bone Appetit comm
here's our little our little Baja banger
so I'm seasoning my terrain you know
they're like little freaking fish dicks
almost look at the nine mil nugs excited
I'm so hung go yeah me too anything yet
oh gotta breathing it and then one buck
look at that nice on the inside boom
tight Ryan
yo please go oh my god you know what
temperature could even be a little
hotter and cooked a little less yeah
well that's low where you're going
it's not bad and wait to be jazz it up
it's a little overcooked do a couple
samples always with your fish before you
go throw in you know cuz it's not cheap
and nor should it be do a sampling one
try to get your timing down your
temperature because everyone's situation
is gonna be a little different let's
face it it's cooking its life a little
smear of the cream first yeah and on
there you know just get a nice little
pad a little bit of our little slaw we
got here okay as much as you want
or don't if you want oh my goodness okay
and then the fact you do a little bit of
red onion on there like that
little radish you a couple radishes go
crazy if you want and then just a little
ah okay oh my goodness we'll give it a
little dab of hot sauce Wow why not
that was for you this is mine this one I
want you to eat I'm gonna try this one
okay here we go
I'll get you a napkin mmm Wow well we
take it it's perfect that fresh tortilla
you know the fattiness is getting in
it's not too acidic with the pickled
onion right the cabbage all the lime oh
I forgot one thing here you save your
last bite oh my god your eyes nothing's
dripping nothing came knowing come out
oh oh my god I will make another one
yeah this is so good
I'm so hungry you know we are really
hungry and you don't even know what's
kind of really going on and everything
tastes so good I'm having that moment
now yeah we told your manager make sure
he doesn't eat breakfast so that he's
hungry I'm hungry matter what we feed
him he'll say it's delicious
how about the corn tortilla you know I'm
always such a hater on the corn
tortillas I just don't think I've had
the right ones these are me actually
I've had a few really good tortillas I
feel bad cuz I'm always like just really
good fresh tortillas you know you got to
be fresh and you can put anything on
them Cheers
ah cheering food is so nice mmm oh honey
we're gonna make you up is always you
know are we done
hey brown yeah we make tacos and the one
oh yeah my book hey Brad write on my
book that's right I run a cookbook yeah
got my life handsome guy no that's me
she's not at tables around my food it's
an idea do you want to look at it it's
filled with recipes oh oh I see you
stole my tortilla rest yeah yeah my kind
of book joke is he's really it's just a
diary you gotta fill it in you have to
fill it in it's an emotional voyage for
you so by a book by two great was a lot
of fun ah David thank you that's a good
yeah good guy good cry
hey kitchen and we're W New York City
and I mean fish tacos brought why we're
on this whole fish thing noodling wanna
go nude on I wanna go no no with this
guy just cool it
yeah that's it bone a Pillman what
Appetit in that way whatever is it don't
make fun of me it's a wild thing dude
how old are you
so literally all day everyone's just
testing and like cooking stuff for the
magazine like anything that's in that
magazine is made in this kitchen and
it's made here not only shot you're
sometimes they shoot you know everything
I mean Chris and these guys behind us
they that's all they do crazy that's not
all they do but they every recipe gets
cooked several times and then a fresh
pair of eyes cross that's it right just
to catch any last bugs
okay I'm gonna use this weird cleaver
why do you have like a cleaver knife
this way you use yeah that's the go-to
Jesus thinks the best wicked sharp edge
whatever you found it holds a wicked
edge it's thin who's that just three
fillet yeah gree fillet bad it's like a
bench scraper yeah what a great knife
yeah we'll see I love radishes it's
perfectly it is yeah if I was on a
desert island it'd be a radish I mean my
last meal little salt No
[Music]

Title - Brad and Babish Make Kombucha Miso BBQ Sauce | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
there's a family oh Christ babish hey
guys today I'm it's alive I'm here with
Bing Jeep guys hey guys saying it's live
I got old binging with babish here and
Kay batty and uh are we going today baby
I think we're gonna make some barbecue
sauce oh you betcha
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we're gonna do a riff on like the
classic barbecue sauce instead of using
water we're gonna do kombucha there's my
kombucha that I make you know add a
little juice to it a little extra flavor
and I also want to use I've been doing a
lot of miso making I think the episodes
gonna come out one day but I don't know
Benny you tell me Benny like err like
two years so yeah I got some more of
miso gone but I have stuff that's
already made some nice red miso it's
about two years old you're years old and
a half oh it's a project but boy it pays
off it's older than your son one of them
yeah and we're gonna add a half a cup of
that it keeps you think there's this
whole body there's a mommy kind of wow
this sounds really exciting a little
violent I'm ready to do it oh it's not
violent all right wait um
evany ready to rock and roll Souls you
need really is a good blender all right
and if you have a bad blender you can
use that too but uh we're gonna use this
here Vitamix you know you got to be
careful whenever you're making anything
in a in a blender you know before you go
dumping your things in and you go
plugging it in make sure it's off I seen
someone all right and she was like I'm
just gonna plug it in and it was on the
turbo was on these Vitamix us have that
like turbo she's dressing suck it in
boom man like first-degree burns on her
face Oh oh yeah she but I believe the
Vitamix has some built-in safety
features to make sure that that doesn't
happen I don't think so oh never mind
let's get started let's do it let's go
through the ingredients all right so
tell me what's that book baby I don't
have a bad recipe I don't have a single
I'm written anything with my hands in
like thirteen years three thousand kids II think all
right so I got my book I'm always
preaching put your name in it you know
yeah when you're cooking you start
riffing and experimenting you create a
masterpiece and you don't remember I
like blackout I don't remember how I did
it so I need six bins
yeah six ends we only got one so no
that's vinegar how about this I'll shout
some out some some measurements and you
can help me dump them right in this here
blender Suns put your work literally
perfect
this hands being all idle you know they
say
about that no way all hands when you do
it your hands
I know hands idle hands I know hands
lead to like you'd be bad oh Jesus
barbecue sauce all right I'm gonna read
off some measurements before we go let's
go get the UH let's go get the wild card
somebody follow me maybe just take a
walk let's do it oh yeah Molly we got a
lot of people look at this a mess all
right all right you get so always
refrigerate your paper towels okay you
gotta keep it cold
this is some miso that I mean soybean
half story you have mung mung bean yeah
yeah guys in private stock here some
fatty boots boots oh my god I'm eating
it Thormann exact here's a vessel all
right
like all these low carts well because
it's not the traditional angry I thought
it might've been him I get culinary whoo
Oh Brad where's the miso episode I don't
know it's really good all right so we're
gonna need a half a cup of this yeah all
right all right next two and a half cups
of baby blues it was you got an opener
here oh oh yeah I love what you do yeah
that's covered baby blue cheese
carbonated I got the babby boots right
here so honor Kobe goes falling in there
that little floater that's fine too
this is a there's a little nugget there
you go atta boy put that in your
cookbook
ah babby boots wait those yep how long
Vinny the floater Oh another floater I'm
sorry
when that is the little every bottle
will have one
good commute and that is a the making of
a new slogan you could feed this and
make a whole new computer system well
you go there and we're moving so this
can turn into that this is a baby and
that's you know midlife thirties that's a
horrifying thing to look at yeah but
it's good stuff symbiotic symbiotic
community of bacteria news never mind
it's beautiful so that's we're gonna
drop that right in there
all right we need to pull day in
Bluebell oh yeah one roll pepper try to
get a little bit of sauce in there too
ooh big boys Oh should we make it spicy
or should we train it's cooking that's
awesome they're okay there's certain
things you want some around we like
sugar and salt stuff like that too much
but like you know you want up the heat
you add a second one maybe not so spicy
cut it in half and you know we've had
some experiences with spicy oh and I'm
something happen I like hiccups all
right so just showman such a showman I
shudder to think of what's gonna come
tomorrow those dark days
next one hold on to Chile and we'll let
it sit in the beach and just hydrate a
little bit so it gets a little pliable a
little soft no it'll blend just a lot
easier cooking in a hole you're gonna
make a freakin best out of my skin I'm
gonna be real pissed daddy
what's the lotion on the skin what does
this whenever it's told oh yeah a
barbecue and a sound salon yeah humans
you freak i vinegar I like to use you
can use apple cider vinegar or white
distilled we're gonna use white to sell
all-natural Heinz baby next two
tablespoons salt good old Ben Jacobsen
kosher salt oh this is Ben Jacobs yeah
buddy boy two spoons and I saw always
sorry
yeah two tablespoons whoa things are
happening yeah that kombucha is hitting
well it's got the salt going on it kind
of pissed it off probably sick but
that's okay
now you just put a raw egg in it and you
have to drink that wakeup juice nice
coffee we're gonna do two teaspoons of
that I like that it gives it a little
subtle kind of what's going on get the
coffee you know I like the chocolate I
like a little bit like you know when a
steak is like coffee rub then that's too
much but if there's a little red coffee
I think yeah then we're gonna go the
road here this isn't in the book but you
know maybe it should if it works out I
might add look it's not in the book
yeah I got some chocolate yes do it what
do we got let's do it ah what do you
think one half teaspoon one half teaspoon
yeah oh good hey forget the chocolate
look at that little guy back there Jimmy
okay cutting this is the stuff yeah
nice cocoa rooms beautiful okay next
tomato paste we're gonna do one quarter cup I'm
so slippery from all the Lubriderm
Blanton branded lotion Johnson and Johnson
a family to me good with human all right
what you want to teach me okay I got a
half teaspoon there one two that smells
nice mmm that's gonna give it that like
Cuban flavor
okay next onion powder onion powder this
is gonna be great
yeah I think it's gonna be mighty tasty
four cloves of garlic nabi but let's
crush him
let's get that old Allison going yes big
big boy oh yeah big boy big boy oh yeah
big boy big boy so we're letting this
sit so the Allison comes out like a
two-part epoxy
it's kind of like a two-part epoxy you
know it's like a two-part glue or epoxy
we're all garlic I love it so much it's
medicine now I have a whole theory about
vampires and garlic
we'll say that from Claire what we're
doing
no you can't sneak in like that so
[Music]
what's next after at the girl we got
peppers oh yeah half of a teaspoon of
the Aleppo yeah I'm gonna do Wow
all right next molasses that's our
sweetener you know your spice
we got acid in here you barbecue sauces
oh it's pretty sweet and you know it's
got that sticky you want to get it nice
and caramelized
it's all about balance full circle hope
anyway don't make me nervous yeah you
see the newsstand sisters hey we're just
gonna all right okay yes straight Aleppo
I love my you know it's so good you know
I could just drink this as well hmm I
mean yet today that's how I can get my
calories all right that's one way to do
it all right now we can add the garlic
what's that the clock all right drop it
in sweep all right to the blender here
you do it in case it blows up now good
all right make sense start slow so yeah
you turn on yeah yeah so we'll work it
up whoo now what we gonna let that go
for
we're gonna go for a while so it starts
to heat up and should go to high right
now
yeah blast turbo
[Music]
yeah put your hand on this Bobby lady
over here at this point I'm gonna add a
little bit of olive oil okay
and what I like to get that real nice
and blended almost start to get a little
bit of warm heat you know and then I
want to pour in a little olive oil and
emulsify that in there that'll lighten
up the color a little you're doing great
that'll lighten up the color a little
and add a little fat to the party always
need a little fat in for it
all right Bobby I like to make tequila
yeah let's let it go another minute
I can see the little bubbles emulsify
there we go
see the color change into that that
wasn't it right up let's give it a taste
don't look at that huh now this is one
that I made ooh that tastes good though
this is one that I made without babish
and I didn't do the cocoa powder because
we just thought of that you know real we
ripped away there that looks like KC
masterpiece let's try it out hmm that's
really good it looks like KC masterpiece
but does not taste like KC mess but it
does have that like nostalgic kind of
familiar barbecue AJ let's try our new
Frankenstein is there it's got a nice
sticks to it nice it's warmer I'm
getting the Aleppo more or something
warmer the mung bean the last time I
definitely I just use so he read me so
that I know and I actually liked it a
little bit better but stuff takes two
years and I don't have any more so but
the story mom it's pretty it's a pretty
potent yeah so it came through a little
bit more in this one gets richer and the
steaks a little brighter right if that's
funny because this one has more vinegar
yeah it is it's usually pretty red I
mean the peppers themselves are red yeah
but I don't know Darden
[Music]
here we go with sting with a cut off his
new album take it away
all right so we packaged everything up
here we'll pop these ones in the fridge
well throw the label on both I got some
tea all right all right that one right
BB BB q all right do that right BB q and
then right six to five that's the date on this
one just right BB q chocolate you have
to write and then I'm all right on this
one choc f one so we'll put that over in
fermentation station we put these two in
the fridge let's go well you know let's
figure out somebody want a barbecue I'll
head over maybe your house maybe my
house we'll cook it up you'll just have
to wait and see next week or actually
right now cuz you're probably just gonna
cut to it all right so we'll see you in
a week and then a week later we can go
oh
[Music]
all right Bobby thanks joining we're
back here in my garden of eden'
absolutely beautiful thing about a
backyard oh yeah lovely New Jersey we
brought our barbecue sauce with us that
we for them you know we made back at the
old Test Kitchen and it's looking real
nice this is the one that doesn't have
the ancient peppers in it no so we got
our good peppers in there we're all set
to go hey get in here oh boy
that's some nice some st Louis and I
got a baby baby back rib rack in there
and I also got this little concoction
here I made this little brilliant you
know herb from the guard dog tag I
learned a little from that out of Harry
Lange heard that guy cooks a mean steak
I'd do a little mop so every now and
then he's been off for a few hours this
is nothing but smoke and just a little
olive oil and its basic season so I
flipped them a couple times hell is this
thing it's like a little barbecue rare
oh so you know I baste this a little bit
just to keep it wet but the bones that
has a membrane on that yeah okay it's
kind of keeping its kind of keeping
moisture in
if you flip them all the fat all the
moisture she's gonna drip off so I like
to keep the meat up for now so we'll let
that go for about another hour like that
we'll come back with the barbecue sauce
shellac that baby up get those layers
going Oh baby you brought that you
bought some paintbrushes right for that
check this out and we're gonna go down
to your family owned hardware store
support local small business when he
said I saw the words fly out of his
mouth can you do that in post please
thank you please so you know there's a
lot of recipes you wrap ribs in foil you
grill them first wrap them in foil with
some water some apple juice and they
steam and that's what gets it real nice
and and moist and break apart like those
like I don't want them to fall yeah I
don't like a big goopy ball you know you
want a little bit of a little bit to
toothsome so guys Vinny I got the the
wet corn in here I got the wet cabbage
that got the same treatment oh that's
adding moisture as I like to call and
maybe someone already does but a little
bit of wet smoked wet smoke all right
that's trademark pending nice Bowl do it
any time you want to call yours whatever
you want all right Vinny that's that
I'm gonna drink my beer do this oh mama
for you Maddie oh mama now we got our
miso kombucha barbecue sauce right there
baby
still we're gonna do where CELAC we're
gonna do a lot of coach we're gonna you
know bait we're gonna coat one side it's
like painting you putting a lot of
layers on they're gonna bake on it's
gonna caramelize your sugars in there
spices it's all gonna make this nice
lacquering shellac crust on it yeah let
me get under there don't be making a
mess on my new Dragon yes we just want
to go that are nice let's make it me
happy all right that's it where's you
know like that kind of smoke and bake on
there you know every fifteen minutes we're
gonna turn them I'll do the bottom fifteen
minutes turn it do the top again how
many times we'll do that for like an
hour till we're happy and don't do it
anymore
[Music]
hey Vinny wrong pork
we're in studio number two many over
here of it we're at a total cook time of
about seven hours oh yeah even you push
it you can just see the fat coming up
bigger Bob are there Bob you want to
grab the sheet Rick one
- so these doers st Louis there's one
in the back is baby back Oh beautiful
all right daddy throw me a rack there
you go bratty it's all about here they
can follow them that those high ridges
are the meat in the low ridges of the
boat hmm oh my gosh
only that smoke ring what's a real smoke
ring no saltpeter and Notables that's
beautiful thing look I want you to
notice this all right two hundred twenty five bass look at
that juices coming out all that fat not
not dry at all I want something face
please don't anything so it's a sort of
a live sauce that's made of live things
for sure I'm blown away by how juicy it
says um you know I have to come very
accustomed to wrapping you have to wrap
them in foil but the low and slow it's
all about the control of temperature I
wouldn't be able to guess that there's
kombucha or a half a cup of miso in this
but man I'm glad there is I see why you
didn't want to sauce these because I'm
getting the taste of the sauce and the
rib this shellac is than that yeah now
the sauce yeah look I probably wanted
better ribs I've ever had it's top three
for sure I look at that juice any nice
smoke ring oh mama
that's really good hmm no one's talking
I guess the food's good this one's for
you all right
that's uh kombucha miso barbecue sauce
make it at home have fun experiment let
me know in the comments anything else
you might barbecue it or you'd want to
see me and Bobby or myself cook with I
know you know have some fun
Bon Appetit whatever - all right baby we
made a second batch because we have the
color resolve this is the can that we
used of the the chipotle in adobo
all right but then I opened up a new can
I mean look at the color difference
that's what brought us to Browntown Wow
we hear it it's live grab would like to
apologize for this inconsistency
it will not happen again oh it's
probably well tires probably well hey
that's cooking folks yeah this
Oh a little finesse my man like this I
don't they're not familiar with there
I'm not familiar with your hoes protocol
here we go Oh all right here you take
over I'm all wet now
I never been prouder of my life thanks
dad
wow I love this knife oh it's the best
it's like a multi-purpose I found it
look it was all chipped up so I
sharpened it real nice and it just holds
a wicked edge this is Lampson Jansen
sharp and that's just like a it's a US
company nailed it with this one
discontinued model
vintage where'd you find this thing I I
found it in uh it was like you know
bucket over I just found it don't ask
too many questions
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Beet Kvass | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
[Music]
today and it's alive we have musical
guest Adam Rapoport and we're going to
be making a little beet kvass it's a
fermented beverage usually just beets
but we're gonna do our own little riff
on it today I'm gonna add a little bit
of sumac and then we're gonna add a
little bit of fresh where's that we're
getting there
[Music]
[Applause]
all right very first step I got my
little cutting board here you can use
any cutting board but you know the red
the beets they really tend the stain I'm
gonna throw a little gloves on just to
uh you know I just I don't go messing up
a stand in my hand stain your hands ruin
your day Vinny so we got our
fermentation jar one gallon i scrubbed
these I'm not gonna peel them and you
can throw all you know all the scraps in
you just want to cut it up and you want
to expose it open it up I read not to
shred it or grate it or anything like
that but just to cut it into small
pieces ooh
oh yeah Benny it's like all right beets
are hard Vinny you know what I'm saying
but I got my bed cleaver here i
sharpened up real nice watch this boom
ain't no thing come on boom half knife
half bench scraper you know I mean it's
the best tool you can have all right I'm
also gonna throw the little vegetable
tops on there to again I don't know if
that's you're supposed to do that but I
like to I think you know I'll add just a
little bit of a different flavor it
might help with the weight you know
starting off the fermentation and
actually I would love to know what uh
you know some folks who did grow up with
kvass what you like to put in it or you
know some of your methods let me know in
the old comments love those yeah so this
you know cutting up beets okay nice nice
little beet party bop bop bop boo might
be up might be a lot of beets hold on
yeah audible I made this a couple times
once or twice before and I think I made
it a little too concentrated so this was
two and a half pounds of beets I'm gonna
go ahead I'm gonna divide it into two
jars you know not by weight or nothing
just by eye all right yeah good enough
for the folks we roll with Minnie
alright next I got our chili peppers I'm
just gonna slice them up chop them up -
boom not even fancy seeds in all I want
this to be a little spicy
alright split just like that boom so
here I got a little dried sumac
kind of tangy a little fruity in a way
it's a very interesting ingredient I
love sumac and I think it would go great
with this because the beets are sweet
and Earth
be and as it ferments it will keep off a
little bit of lactic acid but I feel
like the sumac will really help bring
out a little fruitiness and some acidity
so we're gonna do not one but it's his
tablespoons per unit okay boom
all right I like that for this size
container which is one gallon I'm going
to add one tablespoon and we're going to
do two tablespoons of salt a little shy
there sorry baby we're gonna use
something else two tablespoons of salt
Oh mister serenade Molly
no one ever Sara needs me Vinny all
right cool now we're gonna do a little
lukewarm water then hold on me
to the lab suits Vinny oh there's you
give that a little rinse EBU I'm gonna
throw an airlock on this bad boy okay
Benny just like that I'll get another
one for this rattlesnake no that would
suck oh it would be in bad shape where
they say you got about thirty minutes on
around snake bite so you guys to get the
anti-venom that's what we should name
the show of any anti-venom cool is that
that'll be our band all right who's
playing tonight antivenom where they do
shred beats oh here all day folks
all right so that's that mini we're
gonna put that over there fermentation
station like any permutation test as you
go keep an eye on it how I like it might
be a little different than how you like
it
so make it to how you want it that's the
beauty about making things okay you can
make it how you want it what's today
Wednesday Vinny would come back on
Monday we're gonna strain this put it
into a fermentation grade bottle like a
beer making bottle I'm gonna hit it with
either a little bit of honey or maybe a
little bit of fruit juice or something I
don't know I don't know yet we're gonna
figure it out all right he's gonna come
to me in my sleep and I will bottle this
up and see what happened we're finished
with our first fermentation of the kvass
I hit it with about musta been about two
and a half three tablespoons of sour
crab juice that I had from an old
ferment and that just acts as a little
starter help things get going you can
use way you can use any any good culture
liquid that is in a pasteurized we're
not a big fans of pasteurization here
imagine I dropped that Oh God
never makes such a mess all right I'm
glad this happened to me check this out
you see this on top here all right don't
go call nine-one-one everything's gonna
be fine what this is is just a common
yeast that it's everywhere it's in the
air it's even got a name I think it's
called like kam or something you don't
want to fact-check that we can do is
just try to scoop some of it off I'm put
it right on this little pad here
look at that color huh and you don't
have to go nuts you're not to go getting
it all out just try to get as much as
you can out and again completely
harmless no big deal clean up aisle two
so now it's done fermenting we're gonna
strain it all right I got this cool
little system it's a little jar I got
I'm just gonna go ahead and pour this
right in hope this works out
oh my board okay
I feel like there's probably a better
way to do this oh well not that bad it's
fine
now you don't have to go throw it away
these are these beats that we fermented
fermented beets all right throw it in
your salad throw it in your soup throw
it in your stew I don't know you could
probably try roasting them I don't know
how that would work but where's the shot
let's give this another shot how meny oh
man I really blew it we're gonna do this
well improv eight improvised vini little
splatter guard duh
installed ready any we're gonna do this
we're gonna pour this right in all right
no one said this was gonna be easy or
clean
all right many but we'll get there
together let me just clean this up all
right cuz we're making a mess Zamboni
pop pop pop wait wait let me put a lid
on this before we have a freakin
catastrophe now somebody say it means we
try one of these fermented beet with
Fresno and sumac ooh oh it's it's often
wasn't expecting that but good almost
hey Andy so these are the beets that we
ferment it already from the kvass we're
here to try soft just push on it with
your teeth what's the matter oh that's
right you got Mount surgery it's not
crunchy really it's not um hard so this
is the byproduct but no reason to throw
it away yeah pretty neat will fool
around with that a little bit of what
vinegar and salt call it a condiment we
got our kvass here now I'm gonna taste
it like this traditionally Oh God you
just let it go until your desired taste
so what we're gonna do we're gonna do a
little riff on it I got these bottles
here that I've you know saying that I've
made to do with tepache or kombucha when
I made a little bit of simple syrup just
adds a little bit of a
a sugar we're gonna put the kibosh in
the bottle do a secondary fermentation
this simple sugar is gonna be the fuel
to help carry along fermentation and
produce the carbonation excuse me
but before we do it let's test it as it
let's taste it as this okay going in
good hanging this to it very earthy I
mean it's gonna sound stupid but tastes
like beets it's quite nice now I said
traditionally they people you could just
drink it like this you know I'm taking
this elixir magic imaginable health
elixir apparently it can be really good
for your your liver your kidneys it's
good for helping your blood carry more
oxygen win-win-win all the way what's up
bun so yeah what was I saying let's do
two and a half tablespoons simple syrup
and that's our little food for the army
all right we're gonna keep the party
going and then this nice little spigot
we're gonna go ahead and just pipe in
the kvass oh that was a lot easier now
you're gonna want to leave headspace too
because we are trying to carbonate this
beautiful yeah color cap it leave decent
amount of headspace and hopefully that
should continue to ferment and produce a
carbonated beverage we'll also leave
some in this vessel in the walk-in that
people could just top off their drinks
with you know it's great just you know a
little seltzer it's a lemon or something
you know add it to a cocktail if you
wanted to just add it to say you have a
big big glass of water going out of the
lemon add a little bit of kvass you know
everywhere you can just get a little
extra alright so I'm gonna I'm gonna
fill these up and hit them with a little
simple syrup and check back in in one
week buddy and hopefully we'll get some
carbonation one week Benny
[Music]
seventeen hundred Vinny hey bud alright guys so it's
been one week since you looked at meme
my moment of truth Vinny
oh Jesus Christmas Carboni Shalom Lenny
ha ha all right bud I'm a reckon that
that was a success
oh whoa very vegetal oh so if it's not
bad it's just very weird cuz it starts
off you're like oh this is gonna be a
little sweet but a hit your he'll do it
again yeah it's a little weird because
it starts sweet and then it's like salty
it carbonated and BT that's pretty neat
right off the bat I kind of know it it's
a little salty so we started we
fermented with a two percent salt solution
I would probably kick it down to one and
then the sumac you know I would probably
opt a little bit of sumac too and you
can this is a base recipe that you can
just kind of fool around with or like I
said I keep my little project notebook
and then you make adjustments you make
changes and that's how you learn so
we're gonna learn together the principle
worked well we got the carbonation we
got a nice sweetness with nothing nice
floral I would probably dilute it a
little bit more us and say I mean it's a
it's super red if you were to water it
down and find a sweet spot where you can
make just a nice drink where you can
just you know sip on it like it was
kombucha per se this as of right now is
not that I would not want to drink an
entire glass of this it's something that
you would nip on it's a little tonic
it's a little health elixir good for
cleaning the kidneys I believe in the
liver we don't know we could use a
little bit of that but you know this
would be nice too you can add this add
this much to your normal drink you know
you have a little lemon water add a
little bit of this to add some color add
a little probiotic benefits add some
flavor or just nip on it you know I
think it would be fun to cook with - I
think you can use it in a base for
certain sauces but yeah I'm looking
forward to doing this again as for now
we're gonna break that one off as a
success carbonated kvass Cheers
Bon Appetit Wow come here
here taste the kabobs what did skip us
well taste Soto beat soda into it it's
not bad right yeah Wow ooh I like it
yeah Wow all right save proofs in the
pudding approved oh Claire left Dan got
a question for no I know what it is I
just it has a name you know I a more
primitive pronunciation damn girl
take a horror-movie snow globe today on
it's alive I notice on some shows they
introduce themselves a lot like hey I'm
Brad Leone I never do that you ready no
wait never made this before only ones
what could possibly go wrong
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Whole Hog BBQ with Rodney Scott | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hey guys today and it's alive down here
in Charleston South Carolina with Rodney
Scott from Rodney Scott barbecue and
today he's going to show us his whole
hog method of barbecue barbecue not
grill we're not going to be doing hot
dogs or something we're throwing full
pigs on the barbecue all the way from
burning the wood to cooking the pig to
put them down a plate so let's get
a-goin Vinny hey
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
our guys over here with Rodney Scott
before he goes and shows us the whole
whole hog method which he's known for I
wanted to talk to him a little bit about
his wood Hey
okay the wood do we use mostly this oak
wood and we like to mix it with some
Hickory sometimes we get a hold to a
little bit of pecan this pecan tree was
cut local in the neighborhood now is
that just a it's gonna what so it's
gonna burn real well and give flavor off
yes you want to choose a hardwood that
doesn't have anything in it for example
pine wood has SAP in it it's horrible
for barbecue and it just won't work
don't do it
all right then see if we still got it
huh all right ready you can stay one
more time one more time yeah I think you
grew up doing this once or twice all
right where to Rodney inside we're gonna
take it and throw it in fire all right
I'm still rolling you're picking up my
heavy breathing good wind delivery so we
gonna take the wood you don't load the
firebox fire God whatever you want to
call it the inferno grab it
beautiful that's it this is pretty sweet
setup you guys so what we're doing here
well why don't you tell me what we're
doing all right right here we're just
burn the wood down this is a complete
heat source right okay out in the
country where I grew up we always had
old fuel drums so we switched up and got
us a burn box which serves the same
purpose you throw the wood in there's a
rack or grate in the bottom that's gonna
hold it until the burns in the hot coals
and then what we come in I'm assuming
shovel out coal shovel coals out take it
to our pits fire up on me to the penny
to the pits
Oh Vinny don't worry I got the dorm a
whole hog barbecue man right all right
mobile fridge
I'm finna come on in here but we got the
pig on ice looking real nice
what's that way mr Scott bass about one hundred thirty eight
pounds the meat itself it's got some
nice color very nice color to it we get
them killed we hang them just in time
for twenty four to forty eight hours we get them out of
there never froze
Oh beautiful this thing is pretty much
custom-built from all the people that
we've dealt with and talk barbecue with
over the years those pretty much a hood
got online a nice change holy yeah I
changed so it's like a hood and a lid
all in one yeah oh yeah oh that's nice
we may have to trim those feet
trim the feet where you like a cut about
a foot short long smooth strokes all
right hello
strong ego all right
doing good you made it through all right
now that's for you Vinny all right you
ready oh I'm ready
let's close this let me get the handle
over and throw pray hands rinse off we
will close this down and get started
city dude doing work in the country we
gonna break me ready yes sir
all right here we go Feeny hot coals all
right one shovel you want to go all the
way to the back so when you do this yeah
you pretty much firing up the hams the
thicker part yeah now you get the next
one we're gonna go across the shoulders
in the front I like doing this Rodney
you do oh yeah
we're here seven days a week can I get
chunks you don't really we don't want
flames we can always wait house every
day folks thank y'all thank you ma'am I
appreciate y'all coming y'all come back
and see us
nice oh you know that's that's one of
the main purposes for the window we can
see there and we can say how old and I
like that there's something they'd be
saying on it where you have kind of that
community aspect you know that human
element
hey the food's great but if the little
things like that southern hospitality
you can't be here should I say barbecue
hospitality they won't put that on your
teeth on your shirt barbecue Hospital
like all right hot coals hot coals and
then you pass it over to your friend
wait at this point you want to bring the
temperature above that danger zone and
you'll see even with the door open gauge
is still gonna start to move up why not
just burn the wood right in here right
why you just put them straight coals in
there great question I can show you even
better than I can explain it to you
right when you take hunks of wood you
get this hard and tense smoke okay as
opposed to coals you just got that nice
smooth heat so we got that going we got
our Pig going yep and then how long will
we get to enjoy the fruits of our labor twelve hours so we got twelve hours to go before
we can flip pull and enjoy all right twelve
hours mini you go ahead and get yourself
over them sweet teas and a hush puppy
and see you then I'm not getting sweet
tea more like
we make it here this is the this is the
secret to the sauce here have any secret
so you put in this much black pepper
right din that was good
that looks about right yeah they gonna
rewind that and play that back all day
long but they don't work it's not what's
in it is the technique that's right now
gotta shake it up with the ocean sorry
so you put the apron on so what's your
six-pack turn it into a keg huh you
protect it
that's right I'm rocking a pony keg
myself ain't that long the cake more
people at the party when you bring cake
yeah right only five people like get the
party when you bring a six-pack oh yeah
huh hmm separated give us hear that
crackling Vinny yeah now this is deep
country engineering here all right I'm
into it
one two three oh yeah well that looks
good now look at that color and picked
up smokey chari yeah look like barbecue
to me I rather just don't taste like
barbecue the minute Ronnie we're gonna
take that spoon burn it
we're gonna loosen this baby up like
this just in oh wow twist in this
I think it's tender in here man yeah and
what are we doing here you're just
breaking it up so when you start putting
the flavors in there it goes all the way
through ice around we're making some
nice little little entryways yeah some
some flavor pockets flavor pockets I -
yeah all the way all over then
everything starts to to marry and time
together the juices out of the backbone
mixing with the fat out of the belly and
that's why I love cooking the whole hog
we're gonna just do a gentle shake all
over this little shake there you go
now the fun part comes in the mop II
know what this is just this is just a
custom blend this custom blend sauce a
little family trait with a small tweak
to it now you want to get the full
you want to let drain take the full
market started the thickest parts of the
hog all right just just up and down up
and down up and down
yeah alright little little mop down all
right you want to dip again every third
or fourth time you come down you go back
in the pot one two three and see it's
kind of like aerobics you count mop one
two three so now did you cover the whole
thing you need to come and get the
shovel in the beginning you fired just
two hams in the shoulders at this stage
right here you want to even sprinkle all
over okay now we got enough heat
everything is starting to get hot
starting to cook through sure we want to
get our spoon again spoon it and I like
you I think we don't keep this guy
anin twist in twist kind of like wax on
wax off mr Miyagi a barter in and
twists in and twists sees puddle yeah
see the juices bubble it in right there
well that's the flavor going through
that's love that's the good stuff yeah
everything's just working in there all
right all right now same technique
different seasoning you want to sprinkle
this all over the entire home all right
make it rain hope I'm doing good good
job to job to job come around that
shoulder right there right in there my
eyeballs oh well you'll get them back in
about thirty years I can't see now back the
mopping again all right mommy dip one
two three
I need my cadence one two three all
right now here's an indicator that
you've done everything that you needed
to do all right listen you hear that
yeah that hissing that's all the
seasonings cooking through the heat
getting it hot just playing it in and
all the flavors starting to come in you
see that bubbles changing places now
things are moving I'm doing my best to
they're not just to start digging into
this we go dig into it in a minute let's
give this a minute to mandate we don't
close this down all right I'll let you
get drink water please self together
while we waiting on that we still got to
do our regular day job i Brad so these
are spareribs
yeah we do I don't know a bunch of ribs
a day that means this is constant
flipping mop flipping mop so this one
you don't have to have as much mop sauce
okay because too much of it kill you
fire okay so you can let it drain for a
hot second like that right there and
then you can go for it you ain't kidding
man you all right
never worry about the splash when you're
in the pit if you saw splashes
everywhere they should either enjoy it
or they got to go to another part of the
building yeah
so you want you always want to make sure
that that is that it's flexing if it
does till it's almost about the break
okay right through the edges yeah if it
breaks it's at a little too long okay
look at that huh see nice bite on that
yeah that's beautiful
I'm like a dog bite I take a bite ma'am
you willing to take hold memories no
leftovers oh yeah see you got a tender
bite mm-hmm it's not falling off the
bone but I don't want it to be any more
tender it's perfect for eaten since
Brad's eaten one and we were supposed to
show you how close well here's a rib
bone so Randy's rib right there
oh okay so now when you pull it you want
to kind of break it down a little bit
all right we'll pull the bones out okay
now one of my favorite parts pulling the
belly to belly Oh
stringy corn fat we probably need to let
this cool off a little bit before we go
any further all right yeah she's hot but
you get the message we get the idea and
we like to pull ham loin bellied
shoulder kind of mix it all up and then
when you put all of that together man
you get the ride any special baby whoo
get you a piece of that hmm all right
baby I'll see you later all right Rodney
guys say thank you showing me the way
the whole hog barbecue my eyes are still
adapting but tell me what we got here
right here we got the whole hog sandwich
we just basically use some of the same
pork that you cook pulled on a potato
bun right here we got the sausage this
is my original sauce with vinegar white
vinegar and cayenne pepper black pepper
mixed in a few other things and right
here we have apple cider vinegar with
ketchup some black pepper in a few other
things other sauce the other sauce you
got Rodney sauce and then you got the
other side I'm into it what's your pick
I would have to say Rodney Rodney yeah I
want to taste the barbecue without I'm
sure the sauce is good try without it's
pure you know try without so I'm going
me mm-hmm
okay good now did you try to without it
let's ease the way I like it with sauce
on it tell me when when it's always good
to have it dripping wet
mmm it's delicious by itself but that
little bit of acid it just makes it
brings out in the barbecue opens it up
perfect blend huh see that bite right
there oh that's what you want that's
perfect red okay my opinion thank you
you know it's actually even like you
were saying before it's actually even a
little better
what is it's it's infectious and
everything just kind of goes through it
yeah see we stole that off the fire
earlier all right thank goodness I know
a guy so we weren't in trouble but it's
better when he gets to sit just a little
bit that's awesome
we're doing this for a day or two you
know hard work my eyes are bleeding
ya know but hey it's fun work I can't
help but wonder you know what makes you
get up out of bed what makes you keep
doing this I kept the try it all over
again all right I still learn I get to
meet new people show them what I do show
what I grew up doing and share the
experience with them let's people think
that's what's all about world peace
one barbecue sandwich at a time I'm into
that Thank You Ronnie taco taco taco
buddy put a little roll on there ready
you picking up Mike Mike Mike two two two hot
hot hot
my eyes are still burning I can't even
see all right guys that's barbecue all
right guys that's whole hog barbecue I
just want to give it thanks out to Yeti
want to give thanks to Rodney and his
team it's a lot of hard work to get that
good food and at the end of the day it's
more than just a plate of good food you
know for me it was the hospitality it
really was quite refreshing people down
here Rodney this team they care and it
really comes through not only in the
food but just in the whole experience I
don't care where you are wherever you
are maybe you live in Australia come
check it out who cares come check out
Charleston come check out Rodney it's
worth it bone Appetit
all right Vinny I couldn't promise you a
dog or anything but uh
cold-blooded reptile is gonna have to be
stiff in place but he's kind of cute you
know I had a couple visits when I was
little Vinny I killed one by accident oh
but vibrating Vince oh oh my pants you
know when you like stamp my campfire and
then you move in the spot that wasn't
touching your skin's like seven hundred degrees
it's happening so put the shovel down
all right ready
how's my stance good we're good here
hold my skin guys I'm burning oh yeah
today we're gonna be barbecuing Brad oh
[Music]
hey guys and it's live down here in
Charleston South Carolina we're gonna be
hooking up with now maybe not hooking up
check this up here I mean more my pink
shirt
[Music]
you got guys chain that dude needs to
learn about his motorcycle alright I
think I had a belly on it like me Vinny
whoo let's go he's a barbecue

Title - Brad Makes Giardiniera Italian Pickle Relish | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
I'd wear a dress all right Vinny today
on it's live we're gonna be doing a
little jardin era it's a bunch of
vegetables chopped up into pieces and
we're gonna do a little
lacto-fermentation with some spices and
some water it's great on sandwiches you
know traditionally but it's also it's
just a wonderful condiment to have in
your fridge and it's super easy so let's
get going on Vinny
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a very active fermentation so if
you had like a big jar with a screw on
lid or one that latches you can do that
but I'm not kidding you gotta burp it
like a couple times a day or you you're
making the jardin air bomb no bueno it
will blow up you can either per ball
time or get one of these we've talked
about these before you know get them on
Amazon or no Amazon for this we're gonna
be doing a three and a half percent salt
brine for this amount of water to be
three and a half percent salt we need
sixty six grams of salt so uh let me get
my scale Vinny oh who put that there
I'm gonna add that rate to a
fermentation jar all right well trick I
learned like that boom okay and then
we're gonna add our water you know what
a little bone to pick with the
manufacturer these things there's
sometimes someone really needs to figure
that out
okay and what I like to do is just shake
up that salt we want to get it dissolved
in there you know and then now we can
add our spices Vinny I got some
beautiful fresh bay leaves you can use
dry that's fine I think they add a nice
aroma and I believe they have some pan
ins in them which help keep vegetables
crunchy and that's important because as
you're fermenting you're technically
rotting things and they're eventually
they will start to get mushy but adding
cannons to it will help keep things
crunchy so he had those okay
same with mustard seeds I had flavor but
they also add they'll help maintain a
crunch one teaspoon coriander one teaspoon
black pepper corns Tellicherry one
teaspoon fennel seed okay like so I
check these that is the secret weapons
here and then I got two teaspoons dried
oregano and that's like gonna make it
you know give it that like wow I'm
hanging out on an Italian sub you know
what I mean Vinny celery salt I got a
half a teaspoon and then some cayenne
same well heat little zing celery salt
just adds a nice nice flavor and then we
have some garlic so I do a little crush
okay
little crush yeah when you crush it too
you know it's nice because you form that
Alison you know that's that good stuff
you can use a little less if you don't
like garlic you know if you're not a
huge fan of garlic stop watching me show
but you can also just use one we're all
wrong sometimes writing all right cool
for my next trick meaning I got some
green beans here okay so it doesn't have
to be crazy but you're gonna cut them
into pieces you know something like that
something manageable something that you
could you know put on a bowl rice you
know a bite-size small bite-size pieces
you can go a little small or two if
you're into that or you can go larger
you know that's what I like about this
ain't no rules so the green beans okay
they go right in the water right in
there but
yeah a little onion yellow onion you can
use red you can use shallots you can use
wherever you want but I like to just cut
into like little petals
well chunks you know my new favorite
knife here I found it in mr Nowlan I
could feel him staring at me right
through my back like Medusa we're making
a little jar naira gonna take that oh my
God look at that snuffing white out out
there Vinny Oh state of emergency close
the subways no that's a problem with
these kids today next we got a little
leak Vinny and then we'll do it we'll
cut him in like that okay a little
cauliflower I like to cut out the stem a
little okay save that though you can
just chop that up and then I like to
just break little pieces you know oh
yeah that's the stuff Louisville well
they call them any florets as you start
to make these things and they go I
really like the cauliflower in it you
can add more cauliflower than say green
beans or anything you know I mean you
make your own ratios all right we're
gonna take a little red pepper little
red bell bell it looks like we're making
you know you're a young lad Vinny you go
to like the State Fair we give you a
little coke bottle and you make the
little layered sand art well jardin air
art - well celery chopped that up these
is like the inside leaves but if you get
a nice beautiful head of celery then you
get the nice outside leaves which are
real green I had trouble finding some
nice ones as you can tell it's not peak
growing season right now yeah that's the
stuff any right in there about joining
the party
all right next is we've got some carrots
I'm gonna nip off the ends and the
little tips you can keep them if you
want you know a feeling your rabbit
whatever you got and then these I just
chopped up into little coins couple
Pippa
all right and then we're back to the
garlic it's been sitting for about ten
minutes
nice and Alice of five give that a
little rough chop right in she goes now
I got warn you when you're fermenting
this it is a very it's very active but
it's also very fragrant tastes way
better than smells little Fresno peppers
you can use anything jalapeno adds a
little spice if you're looking for some
real spiciness little habanero habaneros
are nice because they had a nice little
floral from quality of it alright and
that's kind of it I'm gonna give it
another little shakey shake oh yeah oh
yeah huh oh that's a beautiful thing
Vinny
alright got my little tampo got that
just push that stuff down a little bit
some are you doing you know something so
when you are firm anything you want
everything to be submerged under the the
brine that you created so that's where
these little fermentation weights coming
great all right boom that's it then
we've got our little top here as we're
fermenting we're producing gases that
gas needs to go out otherwise it will
blow up so this is a little one-way
valve we're gonna fill it up to here
with water and that stops anything so
the gas bubbles out and no oxygen can
get in oh god max no we'll follow that
I'm gonna go grab a piece of tape Vinny
and we'll label this okay
what's today on my watch what's today
what's the date today this sixth the
seventh okay and then what the seven so
that's today's Wednesday we're gonna
check back on this a Seyfried Monday
Monday morning Vinny you know if it's
really warm out that might do a little
less time so fermentation really is a
product of its environment should do
that again you're drifting let's bring
this over here Vinny okay
no lots of bubbles still in there too so
remove the old air lock now look you can
see there's a bunch of headspace in
there on the bottom of the lid that's
how much that's how active this was
especially over the week
it gets a little warmer in here that
thing must have just been bubbling
taking off like crazy
now all that liquid is good stuff you
don't want to go throw-in that away
either beautiful wish you guys could
smell it but you really that oregano
comes through the garlic it gets sweet
notes kind of from the vegetables it's
just really cool stuff so it's done
fermenting now what we're gonna do is I
got about three and a half tablespoons
of sugar regular old sugar she's gonna
dump that right in there
so now I'm gonna add a quarter cup of
vinegar just the distilled white vinegar
just to help pop it you know just to
keep it a little bright add that right
in all right and then let me get a lid
real quick Vinny always freaks me out
when I go stick my hand in here this
crock that hot I mean I know there's
nothing in it but like you know it's
just a dark hole you go sticking your
hand in there huh hopefully maybe one
able to noodle and Vinny mm-hmm
yeah beautiful stuff so you bought a
bunch of these little jars these old
Jordan era jars is I'm gonna call them
and we're gonna go ahead and load these
up oh yeah yeah beautiful stuff and then
we'll just do a little top with some
liquid there jar number one I got a
little bit of just the juice left in
here I'm gonna strain it into this jar
just to get rid of there's a lot of
spices and seeds in there that just
aren't necessary for what I want to
eventually use this for a little bit of
spillage no boo no big deal
so we got them all packed up I've got a
little bit of extra brine and that you
can add to other fermentations just to
add a little life to it
oh wait maybe you might not want to add
that I've done this with other
lacto-fermentation is the fact that I
added vinegar I'm not sure if it is
beneficial to use as a starter anyway
keep this this is great you can use this
brine for you know you put it in
vinaigrette you can use it for marinade
good stuff it's beautiful it's tasty
don't throw it away and then we go chart
and arrow chart up here and we'll store
that in the fridge and that can last for
you know at least a couple weeks I got a
little piece of that cauliflower and the
cat
all right oh yeah so we got Big Crunch
you taste the oregano you taste of
garlic it's got that a little bit that
lactic funk which is really nice
I mean classically you chop it up you
can put it on a sandwich it'd be great
on rice it'd be great
John just about any you put it in eggs
you know put it on almost anything well
well I'm gonna do it we went and picked
up a couple sandwiches and we're gonna
chop some up and just add it to it let's
see what you got here mystery sand oh oh
okay
all right yeah yeah just a little
store-bought sandwich with a arugula and
and red roasted peppers uh I always say
there's you know no waste or anything
but I'm gonna scrape this off oh it's
gutted for God's sakes they gutted the
bread freakin gutted bread look at that
Oh what are we making boats well that's
okay you got a so-so sandwich I can
really jazz that up a little Jordan air
on it so okay you can throw this right
in that moat there if you wanted to but
I'm gonna get to I'm gonna chop it up a
little I think it eats a little easier
especially on a sandwich so I'm gonna
take that oh that's good already
you can mix that up in some mayonnaise
add a little bit of mustard if you want
make your own little condiment that
would be really cool but here we're just
gonna drop it right in there look at
that like a little muffuletta Buffalo
however you pronounce that all right I
mean we'll leave the arugula that's fine
we're just gonna go ahead and flop that
right over or everything we'll call it
lunch bud look at that huh the sandwich
it's got way better mm-hmm
oh it needed that adds crunch big flavor
it's easy super cheap to make you can
basically make it as scraps in your
kitchen someone shows up with some
mediocre sandwiches from a mediocre deli
throw a little jar de niro in there home
run baby look at it go right it's nice
it cuts the fat it kinda just brings
everything out nice car you can put that
on anything
yeah thanks Delaney all right that's it
jar naira keep it in the fridge you got
a couple weeks no big deal add it to
whatever you want eat it right out
Jarre it's delicious extraordinary make
it fermented Bon Appetit
hey Andy you want to try a little piece
yeah I've heard it all now
all right fine that's a good excuse Andy
good enough Oh slippery oh you ain't
kiddin oh did you get that Vinny I
swear she's doing it on purpose ma he's
having a hard time just she did it twice
no this is gold
they closed the schools it's not even
snowing yet yeah in New Jersey they then
might as well be Pennsylvania I here we
go
[Music]

Title - Brad Cooks Crabs in Alaska Part Two | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
holman do you want me to act like I get
we have like you're not here yet Oh
Vincenzo showed up a little late but
don't worry my setup camp once again hey
guys we're out here on Douglas Island
right outside of Juneau we got a couple
bairdi crabs that we call it the other
day and then the fisherman hooked us up
with two king crabs grab the little
water out of the here what do we call
this grab a little water out of the
water here and we're gonna steam them up
and eat them right here on the beach man
it don't get any better than that
just a couple crabby boats cooking up
crabby on the last huh I had a good
rhymer
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right baby pay attention we got very
complicated recipe for you so we got
salt water and crabs fresh water is fine
it's actually better
I learned up here that when you cook
them in salt water they actually tend
the meat tends to stick to the shell but
uh man I think it's pretty cool anyway I
mean little old bay never heard of crab
too much but we're gonna keep pretty
pure today I got some butter and some
homemade me so I'll make a little little
dip in miso e butter if you're into that
kind of stuff and crabs are going to be
the main ingredient man they're gonna be
the major talking point but Vinny I
don't want you going wandering off I
want to really show you how to boil some
water
all right even get in enough chat let me
get this fire kicked up hey what you do
it the later I know right
once the water starts coming to a
ripping boil I only got about this much
water in there I don't want to go boil
them I want to steam them just we'll get
them wrapped around in that water and
let uh let them cook in their own juices
you know you ready for this bully
this thing's no joke but we're talking
oh good god regular old sea monster here
Vinny already put my gloves on oh yeah
these things are spiny as hell then so
we got two different types of crab here
if any we got them bairdi delicious
that's the one we went crabbing with bud
and then this is the big the red king
crab these guys right here I pretty
think they'll I think they'll uh they'll
mangle your finger so you really want to
stay clear of those but man look at
those huh buttes ugly is how only a
mother loved that thing Vinny there was
no way for that water to boil Vince
oh-ho go Oh pity dog oh good boy looks
like a girl actually said it yeah a
little feminine snout oh oh my God look
at that Vincent the backdrop forget the
crabs
hey guys done got beautiful dog
male female oh man we love dogs huh we
need a dog
we need an it's alive dog ooh
ooh all right cool that's not quite
boiling so what's just hang tight man
this is you know not so bad man look at
that either some about pine trees
covered in snow it just gets me going
man something beautiful about that what
am i doing
taking these crabs out Vinny I want to
get him throw him on the ice let him
hang out all right stay cool one of the
fishermen was telling me you throw a
little ice on him and it kind of just
slugs him down I mean they live in the
freaking cold ice water
ain't no thing for them but it just
slugs them down a little are you guys
cool off oh yeah we're boiling babe so
now we're gonna drop these bad boys in
you start your time and we're gonna go
about fifteen twenty minutes and then you know
we're about I don't know ten minutes out
I'll just start simmering that butter up
add a little bit of miso you know maybe
we'll get a little jazzy I brought a
little something ball maybe stew a
little doll for that sauce on the side
you know what I mean
you want a dip dip but if you want to
eat them clean and pristine Wayne we're
gonna have that option too I don't put
the big boys on the bottom maybe because
they're bigger oh god please don't plate
me fuck sea monster all right but watch
your legs come on it's been real
we respect and love you thank you all
right so no hard feelings man nature
just the way it is tuck it in boys
that's it we're at four o'clock here Vince
fifteen minutes what's that for fifteen minutes
all right Vinny a lot I got a little
excited I'm ready to cook now so I got
some butter all right and I crushed up a
little garlic let it sit for a couple
minutes like to get that Alison go you
know I'm saying we'll let that melt let
the garlic Mary get in there get a
little happy maybe a little splash of a
icy Bay IPA there nobody get in there
this isn't hot at all you keep beer on
there for me I like this wouldn't ooh
any new business wooden pot and pan
nobody's doing that I named it okay hey
bro a little me so back from home from
the Test Kitchen little project that
whipped up tup their age for about I
think it was about nine months and then
I got a little sambal so I have like a
nice little garlic butter miso something
ball dipping sauce huh that don't sound
too bad
let me put this in my pocket right be no
waste nothing left on the beach you
notice that okay ain't no garbage here
all right keep it that way
nothing worth coming down place like
this see a freaking bottle floating
around just shells and seaweed and
beautiful views of any beautiful views
yeah ain't just talking about me that
you know kind of butter this is that
total Mook over there by our good old
Ben Jacobson over at Salt guy you know
it'll been I never saw that episode ever
come out baby all right all right bean
now I'm gonna add a little bit of some
ball okay look not too much all right
look little dab will do you well
homemade miso
oh yeah well toothpaste that right in
there baby just a little bit you know I
don't I don't want to be going nuts with
this stuff overpowering but just a nice
little accent Vinny well I'll check on
the old crabbers real quick nope me
neither
oh yeah little more saw involve any
taste as you go do a little bit taste it
and adjust you know just like cooking
can't just go dumping things in like a
maniac that's for me look at Vince
alright Benny we're all set butters all
melted up things are getting nice and
nice in there look at that color
oh yeah buddy oh my god this frickin
thing I never seen such thing in my life
can't say I ever cooked a whole king
crab before all right Vince these guys
are hot you know I'm gonna let them cool
off just a minute and then you know a
couple tools I like using this is good
for just get you know you get up on that
shell and just crack it up and then some
snips these are I even like you
good heavy-duty kitchen snip you can get
right up on the leg and just zip zip-zip
and just get all that meat out we'll
start willing these bird eye legs all
right I like to crack that pull that out
these are a little more tender on the
shell than these bad boys but still take
one of these little snips all right run
it right up there maybe run them up each
side open it up you know Oh delicious
super clean flavor it's rich but it's
you could just sit down and put some
work in and eat a ton of these the old
fisherman is right you know cook them in
the salt water they do they tend to
stick to the shell a little should
listen to them you just watch me eat
Vinny little miso Tomball a little
garlic in there drop that right on there
oh my god I mean that the view of any I
don't know but all right these things
are real I mean every time I eat these
things I freakin bleed oh good god Oh
oh my God look at that meat Vince oh man
these things are just designed to not be
touched huh guess that's what they're
going for
oh look at that monster look at all that
meat huh oh my god that's just one leg
look at that the butter and all that's
great I'll probably do a little you know
I like to mix it up but let's just taste
it by itself probably one of the best
things I ever put in my mouth
oh well say that again Brian was
investing the Irate Vince fresh king
crab got some fresh bairdi we got some
melted miso sambal garlic butter all
right I got you and me we got some
friends with us all right we have a
little fire hey friends and then that's
it man we got a nature behind us let's
have a feast Vinny huh look better at us
Benny bone Appetit Oh
oh my god I don't want to ever eat
anything else
snooze you lose cheats beat it
maybe wondering you know what are we
doing eat these out on the beach and you
don't have scissors you know I don't
know get a rock you know the same people
that have double propane burners on the
beach if this is your problem then I
can't help you learn this one from my
buddy Brian Merkel
all right school hot coal get yourself
William red hots you know oh and then
you pass it over to your friend you
ain't ready to play but I'll get a
hotter one wow this is a real game too
you know maybe not for kids under the
age of seven or something good luck
heads up good luck probing that but fifteen
twenty minutes is usually pretty good I've
never had crab like that alive Oh
actually that's not true I did two days
ago Humpy's in the row Oh Humpy's love
what we do is cut them right down like
that see you later hazel oh good girl
[Music]

Title - Brad Goes Crabbing In Alaska Part One | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hey hey and it's live oh god okay so
it's like hey we're in Alaska gonna go
out on a crab boat
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
one thing I love Vinny Rabb's you know
I never had fresh crabs right out of the
ocean Vinny hopefully today we're going
to change that
hey guys say on it's alive we're up here
in Tenakee Alaska we're gonna be going
after some bairdi crabs bringing it down
on deck pull up some pots store it out
the crabs gonna show you the process so
I hope you probably work pants Benny
let's get down on the deck get to work
but all right Vinny here with Steve he's
a deckhand slash engineer for the boat
that we're on here Steve what are we
doing we're gonna do some bait we got
jars we got bags and we got hang dates
here okay so this is our hearing that's
ground up grab a jar all right pop the
top get a nice big scoop of hearing and
shove it in Oh looks great snap the
clothes snap it closed then hang it over
here all right not too bad oh yeah Vinny
eat lunch heaven okay these are all
grinded up and most you up here yeah
reason why you guys do that we do that
so it it gets all the oils and the
scents in the water with that way the
crab can smell it and they come to the
pots okay pretty good yep nicely done
now clip it over there all righty so now
we got our hang bait which is Humpy's in
the row Oh Humpy's in the row then what
we do is cut them right down like that
play it out like that do the same thing
with the head bait hook like this right
through the head and then through the
tail then you hook it up and just like
that in there just like that
and what were we calling these bad boys
these are Humpy's humpy Humpy's in the
row there Gill net caught gill net card
I'm about the best that he ready I'm
gonna go down there and cut this in half
but
so that one's a male is it male yep you
can tell see that that just fell out
yeah that's the sperm sac sperm sac me
approves yep
now clip it together so don't fall off
right in here
right in there alright cool one two
what's the what's the trifecta yeah
third so we're gonna step on over here
to this big tub so now here is our
ground-up salmon oh yeah delicious so
we're gonna grab a bag and we fill these
all the way to the top so that's great
three different types of bait all
releasing different types of oils Oh
having a blast Finny started on the body
and I'm not gonna be up there to driving
the boat you know you gotta be down here
filling the bait bags I'm taking those
shortcuts here it's alive I mean nothing
alive about this bit I'll tell you that
much all right Vinny put your cards
right when we leave you get a little
goodie bag go ahead and take that home
Vinny all right Steve so we just
learned no boat yeah I showed me the
ropes on the bait I'm assuming that bait
goes into this here trap right indeed it
does these are a seven-foot cone they've
got a mud ring on the bottom to keep
them up off the bottom a little bit the
crab will come along fly them up drop
down the tunnel the tunnels are there so
the crab can't crawl back out we got our
escape rings over here to let our
undersized crab away and they say these
things go down when we're crabbing a
couple hundred feet huh yeah it's seventy five
fathoms
fathom is six feet it's a crab pot not a
trap yes ok so this is the pucker that
I'm grabbing right now you got a pucker
the pod up so the crab get out yep
all righty so climb on up here and you
want to go in between this right here
come up in between there yup otherwise
that bag will hang up against the side
of the pot and they don't got to get in
right perfect
and then this anyways you yep anywhere
right then we got a hang bait so unclip
it like this
and then go through the whole that one
and then flip it like that
nice that's how we set our pots not bad
just stand over here more like that and
when that beep goes well both Boop all
right cool
all right I'm ready
[Laughter]
see now we got another one no one coming
in yeah everyone do this keep this
baited tight and high up so that the
crabs want to go in yeah and not just
eat it on the outside thing be booming
the trifecta Vinny we're just waiting
for the captain's beep now Vinny
perfect seventeen clear look at Vinny crabs
and baby all right now we're gonna haul
a couple pots already so when we're
coming up to a pot we got our buoy and
then we got a smaller buoy called a
trailer and you want to take the hook
and you're gonna hit the line in between
your buoy and your trailer buoy you feed
that line through the hauler goes over
here to the auto coiler and then this
coils line up on the ground so it's all
nice and night neat nice and nice nice
and nice and then after that you either
reset the pot or we stack it awesome
here we go we got a pot coming Oh
that's why they come daddy
here comes pot
so you just want to unsnap the stuff
you've already done uh-huh drop it in
drop it right in the pot cook we're
coming up and then you can grab the
pocker fucker dropper no no it's too far
I wasn't ready
he wasn't ready I don't like that screw
you Vinny damn Siegel is trying to get
in on it huh but then one debate oh here
we go
turn around it's old time this one's for
you Tommy one shot yeah nice throw oh
you stop it
[Music]
whoo all right here we go riders so
we're doing rides got this yeah Matt
pull back now up and over down perfect
cool
coming up tell me when the sore it
Parker perfect now we start sorting crab
I say there's just wait until you're
checking your gauging yeah it's got a
crab gauge we've got a check for
undersized crab
okay so just point her widest point the
widest point is point wise point
including spines okay that would be a
short short undersized crab so in back
throw them back now what are these males
females it's all these are these are
males right here huh oh yeah there's a
nice big boy yeah that's a keeper Vinny
oh yeah well in it keep her crab girl in
the hole right in
you're asking about males and females
yeah so these bigger crab here these are
all males okay and this is that female
right here
Oh the size difference you got the mail
it's got the small but okay females have
the big butts all right lady takes up if
you notice it takes up the whole pulls
up on a female very easy to tell the
detail is always throughout right I mean
these are always going over
see you later lady and underside see you
later buddy get you next year now we got
another pot coming back coming now well
quick question Steve yes do they eat
each other do they fight no they do not
they do not oh yes that's a real nice
one Ping's all right little shirt
overboard Vincenzo keyed Burt now I
can't help but wonder all this waters in
there how do you get the crabs out get
him out of there so I got to go
downstairs in the engine room and
redirect the plumbing instead of pumping
water out of the sea I pumped the water
out of the hole into the ocean and then
is there another door you just go down
there this whole hatch that we're
standing on comes off okay the whole
thing alright so we've done crabbing for
the day and now we've got another boat
coming they pick up the crabs so these
guys it's a short season they can just
keep going out there crabbing I'm going
to jump down there into the Live Well
we're pumping out the water we're going
to load up these plastic totes that's it
go on a day back to junior baby you
going down there Vinny
but oh you leave me down here Oh joke's
on me I caught that one Vinny crabby
there's one of them down here catching
this bud Joe three hundred twenty pounds three hundred twenty pounds Vinny
Alaskan crab Oh wha
[Music]
feisty just like you Vinny
nice shot
[Music]
[Music]
growing up in a
hi guys well that wraps up the crab in
part of this the episode and then
tomorrow we'll see you guys we're gonna
be up at the processing plant and then
show you how they steamed before you
clean them flash freeze them and then
you can get them just that beautiful
Alaskan flavor just you know locked
right in sent to your house bone Appetit
benjen's oh hopefully mammy I tell you
what we got a little overcast but peace
we've got this ten have a boat ride back
maybe catch a little where they call it
the northern Lisa Horry a laborious okay
Vinny means you get the insurance thank
God oh here comes a big boy couple big
boys in there and the big boys oh yeah
big boy oh yeah there's a nice big boy
oh yeah big boy big boy oh yeah big boy
big boy these bad boys are big we're
gonna drop these bad boys in I don't put
the big boys on the bottom any because
they're bigger because these are some
big boys bad boys bad boys I want
straight down they're pretty big too huh
yeah there's some big boys in there
we're gonna cut this bad boy in half oh
here comes a big boy okay this bad boy
yes big boy big boy big boy he's part of
the boys now good dinosaur you zoom in
on that there buddy
honest a bit my leg Jesus Christ
mother of God Bena biting my legs oh my
god Vinny it's like a horror movie
there's millions of them and then they
go into the processing plant crabs are
fed into folks who are working the line
first step of the line it's not for the
faint of heart but what they're doing is
they're just cracking the crabs in half
kills them quick and then that goes to
the next person as much as they can
they'll scrape off as much as the the
lungs which are on the inside of the
crab next step is this big nylon brush
spinning and you hold the crabs by the
legs get it up in that brush and what
that does is just remove any more of the
lungs that are that are on that crab
crabs have like these weird little face
weird little mouths on them
they snip those off and then clean up
some of the excess cartilage or whatever
they call crab bone from their goes down
the line into these big freshwater tanks
they call it a bleeding tank even though
there's no blood it just kind of cleans
them off next step we go into another
room where all the crabs are laid out
into these cages they get stacked up and
then brought over into the cooking room
they have this big saltwater tank cook
them for you know however long trade
secret and then pull them out and put
them into this big ice-cold saltwater
solution and because the saltwater
allows the temperature of the water to
go below freezing and it actually
freezes the crab solid in the liquid I
know it kind of goes against what you
think but it works so what they do it's
fully cooked it's frozen as fast as
possible we're talking from the time you
crack it in half to the time it's frozen
you know an hour and then from there
right into the boxes right to the
consumer approved
[Music]
get a little banged over up thank you
alright guys that wraps up crab and hope
you enjoy it as much as I did well you
know you see things like this I hope it
affects you as much as it affects me
I'll never sit down to a plate of crabs
and look at it the same way it really
are a product of their environment and
you know it's something that needs to be
preserved if you care about stuff like
that you know and preserving things like
that you know you people do make a
difference and you know being the
consumer you we drive the market
preserving this and these fisheries it
means everything you know as soon as
they're gone as soon as we destroy them
we're not getting them back make the
change with how you shop you know buy
better seafood it's worth it and I just
want to give a big thanks out to the
folks of Alaska Alaskan glacier seafood
you know captain Chris and his crew
Steve and the boys at the end of the day
it's all about respecting that chain
respecting the people involved
respecting the environment and setting
up future generations so buy smart eat
better bone Appetit
look at that's Vince it's gonna be a
good time so uh bone Appetit don't
forget it's not about the quota or the
ifq it's just time for the fish to pay
their dues
running jumping and shaking the hook and
every single piece the bay they ever
took oh we found a new host Vincenzo
[Music]
when fish die they go to the bottom and
and that's what the crabs are cha cha
cha cha
starboard side on the right right let's
our ports on the left it's on the right
I was right
I think I'm Crozier everywhere up here I
saw my first legitimate murder of Crow
that's what they call it right damn
crows they're onto us again Oh
crows are onto us I really like crows
and crows someone ought to tell these
guys you put the lid on that it boils
faster Vinny learn that culinary school
I didn't go to culinary school that's
cool I didn't learn anything oh these
bad boys extra chops man they're like
the tennis shoes of Alaska it's all
about the gear up here you know we
really need Vinny I got this light in
my eyes hey some sunglass today and it's
live oh god I got a bit me Vince oh do
that again this one's spicy hey hey guys
today and it's live rope here in Alaska
do a little uh what's a peak home I
don't know why the dog today because
they want to like cover their own scent
from predators I gets an old wolf thing
you know it's the Predators don't go
fine I never figured it out anyway maybe
dogs just do it because they're nervous
all right ready take thirty seven and then Oh bald
eagle Vince Oh butterfly
there's no butterflies up here where
were we

Title - Brad and Babish Make Ricotta Cheese | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
that's the easiest name ever binging
with bad dish I will do that again
binging with badger babish wait one more
hey guys and it's alive we have a guest
with us you might recognize him andrew
ray from binging with babish on youtube
hey what's up guys welcome back to
binging with babish we're this week I am
craving a parmesan hero he's joining me
today in the Test Kitchen where we're
going to be making some ricotta cheese
aka pot cheese aka we got it depends
where you're from or what you do but uh
pot cheese Oh we'll get there babish
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh babish how rude of me before we get
going you are a little Oh
Bouchard up you see in the show that we
we're ready ready oh yeah like spit on
Friedrich och
[Music]
that's really nice I guess we'll get
started we'll go grab the cream and the
end of milk yes I'll bring a little
baggy with me here okay I call you baby
you'd be the first place now I guess
tonight could be the last and stuff we
got our own little box B and B be forever
I should add you a heart around it a
freaking cute would that be
at a table if any cook thanks again the
door but thanks then real easy
we need seven cups of no you go ahead
and pour that right up I'm gonna just
keep on yapping when making ricotta
it'sit's pretty simple all you need is
milk cream we have some salt and then an
asset you can use lactic acid like
cheese making lactic acid you could use
vinegar you can use lemon juice whatever
you're into some have different
reactions and form different curds a
little differently for our application I
found distilled white vinegar to work
out just just great look oh yeah that's
nice you got an eye like a laser and
then one cup of heavy cream this this is
gonna add some fat to the situation is
that flavor yeah you know maybe a little
bit of both in this ain't rocket surgery
if you're over a hair no big deal I'm
using a Dutch oven Staub love these guys
we're gonna use that to heat it up you
want something you don't want like a
real you know throwaway got it for two dollars ninety nine
at the bodega saucepan cuz it's gonna
burn the bottom so next we're gonna heat
this right up all right I'm gonna turn
this on you want to pour I believe in
you lives what have you put way too much
faith in my abilities here I didn't go
to culinary school that's cool I didn't
learn anything
are you can pour that right in there yep
I'm too fast no no I'm just kidding
we're gonna let that heat up and it gets
a little boring but uh it's a
temperature thing so I got this here
that instant read thermometer so we're
just gonna let this get up to to this
guy we're gonna hit two hundred degrees all
right so it's gonna take a little while
we can stir it as it goes
yeah you know you're asking pop cheese
all right sorry we developed this recipe
min ago I can't say I think I'm saying
it wrong man I met a gun oh my god
yeah about how is it correctly said let
it go Oh perfect
every Christmas my dad makes that yeah
all right he makes it get this little
crepe pan I was asking my dad what
what's the filling you use he goes you
gotta get was it like four cups of pot
cheese pickle Pacis that wrong wrong
kind of uh I'm not trying to get
everyone work high you know not this
time but he told me I guess in the old
world he was called pot cheese because
they made it in a pot well that just
makes sense very literal yeah so we'll
just keep an eye on it I don't like
putting it on real hot because you don't
want to burn the bottom and I just like
to keep it moving while I'm heating it
so uh yeah yeah it's turn milk so how's
your week
that's my week yeah a week's been great
you know well snow never slowed me now I
love it oh my god it looks beautiful out
there
yeah it's like it's look at that it's
like a snow globe it's all going up
magic snows going hot you get some crazy
game down here now I get a lot of flack
for it for measuring in Fahrenheit by
the internet thank you I like that you
know the Internet can be a silly play
sometimes you know I guess it depends
what you're doing when when you're
making what do they give you all I know
temping a steak
anything anything yeah I mean not at all
all right so we're getting pretty close
we're at one hundred seventy eight just about one hundred seventy eight so you want
to go ahead and over there I set aside
there's some distilled white vinegar
yeah and then some you can get some that
good old Ben Jacobsen saw that you were
nibbling on before two teaspoons of salt
yeah yeah make it three vanish and feel a
little crazy
let's go wild let's get a little help
here we go three don't tell nobody
and then I got that nice little a nice
little liquid measuring cup it only goes
to four but just you know use your
imagination if there was a pit
right about there measured how we doing
on temperature wherever where we had our
one hundred seventy three and climbing one hundred seventy five and climbing
captain
batten down the flood flood tanks is
that what they do Hank for flooded hmm I
love this stuff you know how many feet
are in a Fatima babish yeah but I want
to make sure that you you know how many
six feet you fathom Minnie might want
fact-check that six feet six feet one thousand
I'm gonna be asked my guests would have
been a thousand well boy you were so
when it gets to two hundred I'm just gonna turn
it off and then babish you're gonna come
in with the acid and the salt yeah ready
yeah you are Oh bless us you will
ninety-eight you want to go ahead turn
it off I think it's just gonna carry
some up if I have to turn the heat back
on I'm gonna be pissed I'm gonna flip
out all right heats going back on or
give it a quick blast now we got one
shot here two hundred babish
poor beautiful job thank you
I'm gonna give it a little stir just to
get it all incorporated look you can all
it's like magic turn it off yeah thank
you and then you just leave it oh look
at that yeah just let that sit you can
already see the curds forming they're
gonna just sit on the top and in about
ten minutes just about all that'll be
setting the curd and then underneath it
will just be like a yellowish kind of
clearish liquid and what that is is the
way and that's the byproduct it's like a
boot show break
yeah it's like Bhoots break I like where
your head's at banished so check this
happening coming in here but so
underneath here all right you see that
liquid it's all separated it's kind of
clear kind of yellow kind of looks like
way so we're gonna go ahead and strain
that looks like way because it is way
it's definitely way yeah Oh before we
get it going here we're just gonna what
you oh we got one of these nice Sheen
was you know the fine mesh strainer and
then we're also gonna line that with a
little bit of cheese cloth because uh
we're making cheese okay GUP little
drapey drape now hold on one second
beverage
well something my honour hang and teach
you this in culinary school all right go
in the
poor you know these things that the
cheesecloth always goes dropping down
makes freaking mess so what I'm gonna do
is I'm going to clip it on here that's
right genius idea well let's not get
crazy I'll do a little pour and you hold
that okay teamwork there we go I'm gonna
truth me it's not not super hot no looks
delicious I'll scrape that out yeah
there's got a little vibration perfect
you're doing a great job
Wow jiggle-jiggle thank you place that
right in there
yeah and then what we have left here is
this is just the way I would use this
for is there are useless yeah so I mean
people oh Claire perfect I'm so glad
you're here Claire's happens what are
some of the things do you ever do you
ever use way thanks Claire
up so it's already look looking like
cheese
we've been draining this for about about
five minutes I don't want this to be
super super dry want to have some
moisture in it so we're gonna go ahead
and call that six minutes done drain and
I'm gonna go ahead and take my cheese
making clips off you can get these on
Amazon maybe it staples definitely on
Amazon maybe a staples office supplies
oh yeah yeah so I'm just gonna give it a
little shake maybe it's a little wet
what do you think babish little wet
what all right we'll wait a little bit
and so you know squeeze this at all III
have I don't
yeah suggestion I'm not suggesting you
do I feel like squeezing it we're gonna
start to push some of the finer parts of
the cheese deeper into the cheesecloth
if not out might make our exit or our
our dismount a little sloppy all right
well I want to I want to solid ten like
this yeah that was a dumb joke what's
protecting something that is leave that
have any yeah good luck with that so let
that weight we'll give it another four
minutes I'm in mate I'll do it only five
minutes huh enjoy oh this is just
sorry that's been about five six minutes
pilaster were there total drain time
we're looking at was about eleven minutes I
think it's pretty good it looks pretty
good feels good yeah give it a little
all right great yeah off any get in here
that's the Mercado if I ever saw I
haven't seen it we gotta look at that
let me get a couple spoons we'll do a
little tasty taste I'm fixed right now
Morocco you want to have a little want
to get in on this Chris Morocco Andrew
thank you sorry hands sticky it's from
the ricotta don't we just call them
babish on the show good old Bobby
whatever for Babs Babs give a little
this is right out this is with distilled
white vinegar that's why I audible
that's pretty good pretty nice not bad
yes two teaspoons but he measured it so
I okay where do we get free shipping oh
we did three that's right we did you
three look anyone zoom in real quick
nice little courage strut loop like so
courage structure you know it's not
cottage cheese it's oh god that's so
bounce to it yeah it's free hmm it's not
grainy no it's not okay this is very
smooth buttery like Christmas a nice
little tang yep
so I think the three teaspoons of salt
is clutch
well I'm glad I had that idea then Oh
dad you're here what's some of your
favorite things to do with ricotta
I like putting it in this is actually
not true like I normally do not like
putting it in lasagna but this is really
good ricotta it's very smooth I think we
add a little bit of the way back get it
nice and creamy I think it'd be really
good in lasagna let's go whoa let's go
make some lasagna let's go get up engine
and back let's get weird tune in check
out on YouTube binging with babish and
we're gonna go over to his place and
make a little lasagna with ricotta maybe
I'll bring some Booch sounds good don't
be there let's get weird okay all right
cool hopefully I'll be there great we
don't break into my place well that's
ricotta thanks guys thanks for tuning in
bone Appetit what up T baby
killed it not following me yeah good
luck hell you're doing the close-up I
see to all the tell the beautiful
babushkas out there love he loves you
Bobby Bobby Bobby well that's like um
has an old story we're really gonna get
off track on this one there's a little
story of a family member and Doran like
if it somehow we're related to her it
was his uh she was like a great aunt or
something
bumpy get me Phil get me a drink bumpy
that's it okay a lot of people have a
lot of mixed feelings about was on yeah
I know how Garfield feels about was out
yet Garfield yeah New Jersey the cat
[Music]

Title - Brad and Claire Make Sourdough Bread | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hi guys hello and I will do it again
alright today on it's alive it's getting
weird but we're gonna be doing bread
sourdough roll along Clare and she's a
little bit more of the professional with
the bread making process and
[Music]
[Applause]
so like when you made kombucha and I
really just want
oh god oh god you had asked OB yes so
the starters symbiotic community of
bacteria and yeast exactly
so starter is tip sourdough s go B is to
come butcher the life yeah so I have
starter here it is essentially only a
mixture of flour and water but it's been
inoculated with all of these East and
bacteria from the air you can make
starter at home but I really recommend
going to a bakery that you know was
doing like nice artisanal lobes and
asked me for a little bit
I'm sure they'll give it to you make
some friends you know say the community
you know you open up and they will open
up to you yeah before you bake sourdough
you need to feed the starter that's
something you hear people say it's like
sounds like they have a pet at home it's
kind of like that idea essentially what
that means is you give it in your water
and flour you're gonna feed it so put
the starter in the bowl yeah but we're
only gonna use two tablespoons every
time you feed starter you only need a
little bit of starter and then a
proportionately much greater amount of
flour and water that looks pretty good
measure out about two hundred and fifty
grams of water two hundred fifty all right Vinny you
tell me what do what to fifty two it's okay
it doesn't matter as much how much water
as long as you add the flour Oh give it
a stir the idea here is to break up the
starter that's in there and distribute
it in the water all right and that's why
you add water first it's easier to mix
now we're gonna do fifty seven grams of flour to
fifty seven yes I said okay that's bread flour
that's just white bread flour white
flour is good for starter but what's
really good for starter is whole wheat
the use of material like to feed on a
lot of the things that are in the brand
and we're seeing in a better diet yes
I'm in the more rounded diet two thousand eighteen so we
kind of split the difference to go half
a lot of you have so that's a buck twenty five in
a buck look at me huh that did that okay
and you don't need to over mix that the
idea is really just to hydrate the flour
and it's gonna do its own little funky
thing yeah
so it can look kind of shaggy yeah just
no dry spots it's a good idea to
actually go through a couple of
different rounds of feeding before you
bake which like really activates these
two bacteria and gets them like ready to
go tomorrow we're gonna end up using one
that I fed a couple different times
alright so tune in tomorrow know we'll
be back here tomorrow all right guys
back here day two of the sourdough
making process we've noticed it changed
a bunch is a lot of active bubbles there
and today what are we gonna be doing
clay so today we're gonna mix the dough
with our starter but the first thing we
want to do is make sure that our starter
is ready to go we test that with
something called a float test it's
fermented enough yeah twelve hours yeah
hey she's floating oh well that maybe is
a little bit of a big piece I've been
cut but that's okay that's okay because
that's good so you have to
simultaneously do a step called Otto
Lee's so Otto Lee's basically means you
mix all the flour with the water or
portion of the water and let it sit so
Otto Lee's encourages gluten development
we're gonna use mostly white flour for
gluten okay i'ma start with seven hundred fifty of that
we're gonna add in some other flours so
it'll be a thousand grams total top it
off with another one hundred fifty of that's whole
wheat bread okay and then the last
hundred so this is spelt flour it just
produces cool flavor with the starter
how much water we need so we're gonna
start with seven hundred fifty and then we're gonna add
a little more water later so this is
just flour water we haven't yet added
the starter or the salt so yeah we're
gonna cover this up our Auto Lee's and
then we're gonna wait thirty minutes and
we'll check we'll do another little flow
test on the starter hopefully we'll be
ready to go
before you know if any came along we I
did a little sample and it floated maybe
we'll do another one for ya yeah for the
sake of security place it in the old
water no no it just learned you think
that when you put it down on the counter
maybe pop some of the bubbles boom float
yeah some of the other start it worked
just a little bit I think we're going a
little aggressive with the size there
[Laughter]
like a brick old magic fingers Vinny
over there did one before we started
rolling and and it floated at your ass
maybe maybe yeah see float float
yeah really we're gonna add twenty five percent
by weight starter so with a thousand
grams flour it's pretty easy two hundred fifty of
starter right and that's all we'll need
what happens when you double wrap this
you did it oh wait two hundred
I misspoke I think today we're gonna go
two hundred so I'll be a bit of a slower
fermentation you're the last starter the
longer longer it will take to ferment so
why don't we had more because you don't
always want more sure you don't want it
to go faster necessarily because you
want flavor development right time
favorite time equals flavor
I might need a bigger ball
[Music]
so this we're gonna add yes yep and
there's a special way to incorporate it
which I'll show you so I learned this on
the internet because I've done a lot of
googling about bread we pinch it in Oh
pinchy so like this so this is where
you're really gonna kind of get in there
sprinkle this on there and then that
water it goes on top and this just makes
it easier to mix that salt in oh wow
yeah the salt changed the texture like
crazy it becomes much more elastic we
done this before bread done well before
me my bread dough no well yeah well
there was that time we shot okay so we
don't even know how many hours it's been
we lost count
what do you think I think it's great I
got too much basalt on the butter is bad
and whenever you do it there's a step
called the slapping fold this is
something that not earning my hands on
it's burning your hand slightly oh
that's not a good sign well shouldn't
you want to watch that
oh it's a bad thing that means just no
all right well I never had that happen
to you before yeah it's a little weird
I'm sure you're fine pick up the dough
in one fell swoop and slam it back on
the surface and as you slam it you fold
it are done so let it fold on to itself
yeah and you wanna hit it right thank
you are a little sound a little whack a
towel so you don't have to go too
overboard on this flap and fold no no
keep going but what I look for in this
step is the dough definitely is less
slack so it holds its shape a little
better it doesn't look like a huge
amount of dough but we're gonna get two
pretty nice sized loaves out of this so
that gives you an indicator me I don't
think we're gonna do bowls this time not
like last time well we all good though
I'll show you different shape a little
more of like a football shape right in
time for the old yeah are we not a lot
of thing are you serious
I'm for the big game on Sunday one thing
I learned from the last time we shot
this video we had Francisco Magoo yeah
Oh Francisco from modernist bread come
in
he recommends proofing your bread in a
box like this something with even lower
sides and giving it a little coat of oil
so we're gonna go just straight in there
yep so we have it in this box for
proofing and we are entering the phase
of the process called bulk fermentation
so we're gonna basically let the dough
ferment and should do that it likes a
warm place so we in the Test Kitchen
have these electric ovens on the wall
that have a proof setting which puts
them at eigthy Fahrenheit which is a pretty
good temp for this Joe so we want to
cover this you don't want the dough to
form a skin if it's exposed to air it
will get a little bit of a skin and then
every thirty minutes we'll come back and
give the dough a series of folds so here
we're ready you're gonna do some fold
I'm gonna oil your hands this will make
it easier for your girl
you guys I'm pouring oil on Brad this is
great a little more my dry skin so call
that right okay scoop your hands beneath
the dough this right yeah that way and
then gently lift it up it'll be very
very slack and then and then kind of
fold it back on itself yep just like
that
so this stretching technique helps to
reform those gluten chains and
strengthen the dough so we're giving the
dough structure by doing this we just
want to make sure that we're not
degassing it as we yeah and then you can
turn this and give it maybe another fold
and you can see that that fold really
does change the texture of the dough
right so we'll wrap this throw this back
in and that will do this again in
another half an hour
okay got my emergency we're gonna do
this several more times oh yeah we got
some little more big bubbling that's a
bull's eye on me that's good that's a
good try
I got a hole here one shot one kill here
Tom Berenger sniper but yeah I'm
assuming you haven't watched it yet
great movie I haven't seen that one what
you guys all have homework so we've did
about seventy five turns so that was about about
four hours with the turns every half an
hour yeah eighty turns yeah so this stage is
the shaping stage where we're gonna set
it up in some baskets we give this a
little dusting of flour oh pretty pretty
generous because the dough is very wet
and it will hydrate through the flour
and we don't want it to stick no we
don't want that at all this is pretty
satisfying yeah fun right Vinny can you
hand me a bench scraper no Vinny that
bench scraper okay thanks well you want
flex you can get in there metal sniffing
yeah well in this stage we're just gonna
cut the dough in half so like metal
would work but this is just my I'm
accustomed to this yeah coming out like
the blob oh you just have to be decisive
the more you fuss with it the Messier
and worse it's gonna be so dry good
confident exactly so you just kind of
all right yeah I get there so this is
kind of known as pre shaping kind of
getting the dough into a little circle
and now what we want to do is cover it
with a little bit of flour and cover it
and let it rest because we just read a
lot of each other so this just takes ten
minutes we just kind of let it relax for
this stage we just cover with a clean
towel which this is not clean so hold on
sand by flies down here
Molly hangover I'm not gonna say
anything
what nothing you touch it no yeah you
okay so now ten minutes that's all it
takes
so they're playing me bingo bango bongo
yes some like in the words of bread mint
so it's been about ten minutes
there are people all a thousand times
better at this than I am because they do
it like five hundred times a day that's
kind of the theme of this okay great so
I'm gonna flip it away from you so
that's why I'm flowering no magic part
of the of the board and then I kind of
gently tug to flatten it out and this
side is not flour I don't want it to
flower this side because I want the door
to stick to itself fold up the bottom I
fold in the sides tug the top out a
little bit and fold that over so this
act called stitching you are stretching
the gluten over itself and let it rest
on the seam side so the seam seals so
that only takes a couple minutes to seal
and then we take our break yeah yeah
that's great now we have to flip it over
back into the basket seam side up seam
side up yeah because this is your echo
this is the top of the dough okay so the
tops going down yeah so then again this
part is one of those things where it's
bestest to move quickly
hmm no no the right yeah oh no I'm gonna
look as good
no you got it oh yeah I have an idea
flip it into my hands this is terrible
turn that over turn it back over this is
not funny
great mine was living great it'll be
fine here I'm gonna turn it back over
and we're gonna oh okay it's okay and
I'm basically just going to redo it with
cheatin trapping more oh that's okay
so now once it's in the basket I want to
just put a little more flour on top are
you right seems I
seam side up yes right yeah what the
hell okay because there's flour on it
here well just well just be YOUnique
something gonna no I'm gonna do a little
stitching Oh mine's gonna be the ugly
dog no no it's gonna look great
yeah be great freakin Frankenstein all
right bread yeah let's cover the flour
all right it's gonna be fine yeah and
this is the bottom anyway it's about him
uh so at this point the yeast has
basically done everything it will do so
there's not gonna be a whole lot of
production of gas but letting it ferment
longer in a cold environment will
improve flavor we're gonna pop these in
the old refrigerator and we'll come back
tomorrow I'll preheat the oven and we'll
be baking some bread
Jimmy great thanks Claire a lot of fun
what's up mr Nolan oh I thought you had
a question for us it's me Claire it's
making me a little lunch our Vincenzo so
we're back here day three Claire got
sick last night she ain't feeling so
well she ain't eatin a fermented garlic
great me no Vincenzo here we're gonna
finish this up ourselves so let's go get
the dough there Vinny hopefully we don't
screw this up on Benny basket okay Papa
bah sorry tops and bottoms and you bang
him out I got my little my little cheat
sheet here from Claire - just so you
know Vinny I was gonna keep that to
myself but what I did was I cut out some
parchment paper about the size of the
dutch ovens we're gonna be baking in and
what we're gonna do is put this on the
piece of paper get it with some nice
flour flour that up nice because we
don't want the bread to stick to that
too too too much and I like a little
flowery bottom you know anybody so I
preheated the dutch ovens because we
want to get them real hot I mean I put
them in there for an hour and that'll
help build a real nice crust that you
get on the bottom there oh let me throw
one of them back in the fridge because
when it's cold
it's gonna be easier to handle so keep
it in the fridge till you're ready to
rock a roll hot don't worry I got the
door drink
boom landing zone flower on the top and
tap out pop pop pop pop okay okay and
then you tap it out on here so I think
we're just gonna do a little Boop
okay nice nice to get that Vinny now
we're gonna cut it here we got this
little tool it's called Alam
it's spell lame la Emmy for the French
alum so what you do is that's for
scoring the bread we're gonna do just
one whoo nice little score and you know
what we'll doing a little ha ha ha ha
why not you just grind a one you got one
shot one kill here rate you're gonna
keep the parchment on and just go right
in ready then he boom that's it baby let
me put the lid on fifteen minutes with the
lid on then we're gonna come back we'll
take the lid off and then it bakes for
another thirty to forty minutes you want to
cook with that lid on and that's what's
gonna trap all this theme and help get
that nice shiny crisp bubbly crust on
the outside
let's do Loaf number two shall we oh
there's old Frankenstein there's the old
ugly duckling it's alright you're
beautiful baby boom looks like ricotta
all right what would Claire do we'll do
one a little deeper boom there you go
feel better Claire now let's throw it in
the pan you get one shot is what Claire
was telling me how that's very hard
one shot won't kill Oh anyone just have
it right in the middle of the Vinny help
me help me please him not on the bottom
of the oven or in the middle I mean it's
a big Dutch oven so you coming it's kind
of the only option it's been go time go
ahead Andy Andy you like bread so now
we're just gonna take the lid off let it
continue to bake for thirty to forty minutes
let's see what she looks like
oh yeah steam I saw it
take it off lid number two Benny oh yeah
that's friggin one
that one's got in mind it is actually so
yeah now we're gonna wait thirty minutes on
that one and we'll check back on me cut
the music whoa looks like bread yeah son
of a gun goochy goochy oh yeah yeah
bottoms nice if I remember correctly
Claire and some of the other bread folks
we're telling me I mean it's a little
hot now it'll be handling but you can
give it a little knock and if it sounds
Hollow
I think that means that like the bread
inside is cooked and set oh you hear
that Vinny sounds like your cabeza
Oh sounds good to me all right let's
check on mo from number two oh yeah
score job I know it's tempting I'm like
oh my god I'm gonna cut into this what
I've been told is that you really want
to let it rest so we're gonna let these
sit for about two hours Vinny I should
have cut your your scores a little
deeper okay hold on yeah we're rolling
right now we just wanted to say thank
you for all your help
and that we hope that you feel better
and thank you for showing us your
sourdough bread making waves Claire
Thank You Claire means the world we'll
see you on Monday
drink lots of water and eat garlic okay
okay bye bye so our bread has rested for
several hours here's a moment of truth
I'm in Chenzhou so we're gonna cut this
bad boy open watch one you think
let's do mine Oh Frankenstein Cyclops ah
the bread clouds Vinny oh yeah it's
terrible all right we're gonna cut this
Vinny's is it you ready for this bed and
this is the one clearing me let's see
I'm sure it's just as good couldn't have
done it without her wish she was here
but yeah I mean it's nice but it's not
as nice it's fine it's not I thought
everything either another one from class
it's fine she basically made it
that's for bad huh Vinny yeah we're
gonna try it you want right nominee I
got the butter everyone just relax all
right first night spinning ready Claire
this one's for you
mmm here cut this one cut it all the way
through all right Annie thanks for
stopping by you know it's just like what
am I gonna do with that I'm putting that
on someone orange soup with the fish
this is I thought I was cutting a piece
for myself I would it's like a bread
steak it's got some nice stretch to it
like Newton formation that we were
talking about when we made the dough
thank you
little salty it's delicious doesn't even
need butter but no her no took us three
days to make it in like thirty hours I don't
know how bread doesn't cost thrity five dollars they're
good all right so that's it man
sourdough Claire wish you were here but
I thank you for showing us the ways and
sharing your knowledge and you know
that's what fermentation cooking is all
about so get out there get a starter
from a friend make one from the air bake
some bread and then a tea which friends
born Appetit Vinny we got bread the
sassy static no because where do you
keep coming from yes I always kind of
look high huh you know who loves it's
alive my dad well he's got great taste
so I'm probably a super-intelligent
everything is obsessed it's alive
you know what you guys have in common
let's show how it's made were the best
shows until this favorite show yes oh
you like that check out the hood on this
bad boy Vinny not a lot will do that
boom
your Couzens oh you're eating bread on a
cold day and you're please poopoo Tom
Berenger Tom Berenger Oh a war movie
platoon platoon yeah bars
I loved the one time the guy from scrubs
a red head guy he goes uh you know
Barnes I got bad feeling about this one
they were going into this battle this

Title - Brad Makes Salt From Scratch | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
trust the golden fish a man right there
good official guy what the hell was he
doing catching cod or something today
we're out in he tarts bay with our buddy
Ben from Ben Jacobs and salt today we're
gonna be doing a little start to finish
salt making for a lack of better term
we're gonna dehydrate some water I mean
it sounds simple but I'm sure there's a
decent amount of science to it let's go
see how that's all done out of any OH
beach weather Vince you breathe that in
it's like
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
get comfortable we're here with Ben from
Ben Jacobson from Jacobs consult I see
you have a bunch of what looks like a
giant stockpot filled with salt water
brine mixture whatever in fact going on
right now we're we're evaporating
seawater plain and simple but most
importantly removing calcium and you can
imagine tasting this yeah it's like it's
bitter and it's taste choppy
Wow little layers on that Vinny
straight-up calcium good for your bones
and bad for your salt took us three
years to find this property and it's an
old oyster farm yeah so we converted it
to our salt production facility so we
have a PVC line that goes into the bay
and we're able to pump back without it
so this whole room is just evaporation
yeah exactly
this is bulk evaporation we are removing
seawater at a very specific solidity and
getting it to a concentrate right yeah
awesome how's that far dude and then the
evaporated product you don't let it go
bone-dry out his own
no but you make it you evaporate it to a
certain to a very silvery level yeah we
call it a brine salt baking Brian what
do you do with that brine so then we
pump the Ryan inside to stainless steel
evaporation pads as you can see may
check this out but on the bottom there
he's all the salt crystals that I heard
started in the floor and bubbled in my
mind I always thought like you would
have to evaporate all the water right
and then this salt would be at the
bottom yeah but so once it gets to a
certain salinity level then naturally
the crystals would start to form
yeah so that the the crystals form once
it hits that salinity level and then
they they become more dense than the
Brian they fall to the bottom and then
we harvest the salt crystals and then
dry them out start from the edge and you
want to go slowly because that's the
point that most exactly they're pretty
delicate but I mean look at that
it's Wow pretty cool yeah that's real
cool I mean that's that's gorgeous and
then you want to just spread it in here
really nice and gently now you wouldn't
want to go stacking that right so the
exactly shovel will go in a new bin kind
of thing correct yeah mind if I do a
little Scooby scoot would love it yeah
look at that Vinny my first saltar was
fun nice I'm gonna check this out on the
bottom side we can see all the leg
little layers and lines now why does it
form like that that's the the way NaCl
naturally forms again under the right
conditions from here what do you just
kind of let it air dry or do you have a
good room where you dry it in yeah so we
stack them on our speed racks here at a
slight tilt so though all the grind
slides out of it out yeah exactly and
then we'll move them into our back into
our dehydration room you know if any of
that seems simple but there's a lot that
goes into it it's amazing that's easy
alright so we were just in those final
evaporation tanks yeah you bring them in
here and this is what so like a big
dehydrator it's a big dehydrator so this
is all flaky salt yep metal flakes in
there Wow it feels so much different
than when it dries yeah and they'll dry
a sheets and then when we sift them
they'll break apart a little bit cool
and then I noticed over here yeah a
little bit of a little pink thing going
this is our Pinot Noir salts it's made
with grow show cellars Pinot Noir from
Lululemon Valley we gradually apply wine
to it and over a couple of applications
it absorbs the colors and flavoring
oh yeah clean salty but a little bit of
lingering of that like crepey wine kind
of flavor a little bit of tannins I
really like that Vinny well Vinny I'm
sweating let's go let's go let's get out
of here and bah humbug humbug so in here
we dry our kosher salt and our kosher
salts made the exact same way as a flake
salt but it just comes out of the pan at
a different time
okay and you can see the difference here
it's much much finer grained and less of
a finishing salt will again every day
why not be a heaven oiling whatever it
is all yep exactly
I almost feel like we're in like a weird
episode of Breaking Bad like this isn't
really so and you're just cooking up
like that yeah that bun
bag goes off back in the day used to be
a currency if I'm not mistaken right
true we got a nice little thing here
showing the different different grades
of salt
starting with the big you know that nice
finishing flaky salt and then just kind
of working down into you know it looks
like kind of like that kosher salt just
for everyday finishing whatever into man
will make the party happen and it's one
of those things where I mean salt is
kind of taken for granted for lack of a
better term
you know you use it for everything it's
the most effective way to elevate
everybody food absolutely you know from
your flavored salt so your flaky salt to
your kosher salt you know it's just all
about getting a better quality salt
product out to the people all natural
you know there's no no BS no
preservatives nothing no anti-caking
agents nothing just straight clean sea
hey let's have some fun all right all
right well a big round of it big round
of applause whoa uh Ben Jacobson
cranking out some hand harvested pure
flaky sea salt within two weeks it goes
from the bay into those beautiful flakes
salts not alive but everything that we
you know love to eat out of the ocean
thrives on it and just life in general
needs salts like anything there's a lot
of good salts out there there's a lot of
bad salts you know buy good stuff get
yourself some order it online
call me call Ben call Vinny call whoever
you want you know call Santa Claus
regardless we'll get you some salt boom
see you later baby
let's go Bon Appetit skipping into blend
led anyone come my own there with me
running the second a wet little slippery
oh oh no quick sentence all right I'm
gonna skip this one for you Vinny Oh
buddy boy that was good one Pacific
Northwest got some great skipping stones
not as much I was just up in Minnesota
Minnesota and we were up at Pebble Beach
by far the best skipping stone beach
I've ever been to in my life I counted
about seventy five state record Oh Vinny we're in
it man we got the steam going you cook
you come here on a nice winter day bud
you know living the dream man oh it just
feels so good this is great great for
the pores
great for the lungs oh what's in here
you wondering Vince just buckets of
calcium if anyone needs calcium for
whatever just DME then we'll figure it
out just take a moment silence and enjoy
this we got Luca the dog
reminds me of the Goonies we got wild
life back there he knows was that a
crane or wonder why they call him heron
either way he's over there fishing like
hell
what are these geese sure are they know
where it's at
we're in that big old muddy beach I'm
Jesus I'm a boy stares everywhere Vince
that's cool I'm kind of blown away by
the landscape here you know I always
thought I'd like the the Pacific
Northwest but man beautiful stuff and
I'm a sucker for fog you know no no
cheese nothing wrong with a little fog
Vince I think it just adds a nice little
little romantic vibe you know

Title - Brad Makes Chocolate Part Two | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
Auto Packer Five Thousand but I can run you
through that Vinny it's out of my way
but it comes in the possession here
hey guys sit down it's alive we're gonna
be doing chocolate making part two if
you didn't see part one we were down in
Ecuador where we learned how cacao is
farmed harvested fermented maybe I
didn't know it was fermented but it is
here in San Francisco at the Guittard
Factory we're going to be learning how
we take that raw ingredient and turn it
into the finished chocolate product of
many types chuckling Vinny
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
alright guys turns out the factory is
very loud so I'm gonna talk you through
it out here
well pepper in some awesome footage that
we caught from the factory and all this
chocolate being made and should be good
fun so remember back in part one back at
the co-op we were filling up those big
burlap bags and we shipped them back
over to San Francisco where we're gonna
meet up in the receiving room we cut
open the bags the beans fall out into
this machine what that machine does is
sort by size and gets rid of you know
foreign objects and our and cacao beans
beans any get in there bud please please
kind of like cutting a deer Vinny you
know yeah
boom maybe I was better than us and then
from there the beans go over to a
machine and that roast the beans and
then cracks them open the shells go out
one way and then the nibs go down this
really fascinating conveyor belt machine
that sorts it by size that they go out
to the next process
whore
so here we're at the milling machine
there's three big cylinders and inside
there are these stone grinders you know
cacao nibs are half cacao solids and
half cacao butter when you grind that up
it comes out in this like beautiful rich
paste it's very similar to the process
of how you make peanut butter just to
help it make understanding from there
you can see this beautiful liquid coming
out and that's called the liqueur so if
you're going to be making dark chocolate
you take that liqueur and you add some
sugar and if you want to be making milk
chocolate you take that liqueur add some
milk and some sugar that liquor gets
piped over to these machines called the
refiner essentially what these big drums
are doing is just shear in particle size
removing any of that like gritty kind of
texture because you know you guys are
familiar with sugar it's it's it's not a
small it's it's small but it's not real
small you know like if you were from
there it falls off and it's called the
Fleck or flake
it's like Frank it's like from there the
flake falls off and it gets moved up
this conveyor belts
[Music]
you're gonna want more than that
I should just sell that like in a
toothpaste do I'll buy all this so this
is the refiner flakes
straight off the machine so this is
after it's already worked its way oh wow
super smooth none of that gritty you can
taste the difference between the sugar
and then de cacao just one room write it
down again we're making a movie when
you're making toast you take Brad you
put in the toaster your toast tastes
different from your bread that's the my
yard reaction that's basically what's
happening in here so the chocolate goes
into the quads and it cooks in on itself
it's sort of releases flavor well deep
inside you bought these splitting blades
so once we left the conch the top it
gets tempered tempering essentially sets
up the chocolate so that it has that
snap and it melts nice right yeah and
then from there it's piped over to these
machines which are called Greer's and
what that is is depositing or molding
that's where it's going to take its form
and become a chocolate bar after these
trains are filled they go down the bell
where the chocolate is cooled and allows
it to set up and take a solid core and
then from there it gets packaged up
sending the boxes and off to the
destination I'm falling behind many
backwards again I mean you put your
thumb down but come on get in here
slipping in chocobar Vinny that one's
for you seeing a servant oh that was a
good one Vinny you get that frightened
not there right oh what a packer haha
off to the restaurant world Vinny ten
pound bars both babies you need them
called the boy at guitar it over here
FedEx it right to your house - no
problem back to the linemen ain't
cutting into production one of the most
important parts of chocolate making is
quality control we're gonna take a
little detour over in guitars quality
control lab so we get these free
shipping samples of cocoa beans from the
farms they've already been fermented so
now what we're gonna do is we're gonna
do a cut test to evaluate the quality of
these beans before we actually use them
in the roasting area there what's this
little apparatus called here he's called
like a bean guillotine Oh being ganti
yeah man all right so we just lock them
up
just drop the chocolate oh well okay it
felt good Shawn it does yeah he just
transmitted yeah all right
oh wow so we evaluate the color the
texture we just look at like for
impurities such as like a under
fermentation these purple colored
there's like good quality beans any
chance I could uh maybe oh yeah first
out with this little bean guillotine go
for it just push it right down yes sir
you really gotta push it on all right
yeah
oh the purple when you got Vinny that's
a good cut that's a good cut damn good
cut Shawn what do you do next after this
then we'll do a little mini roasting
process over there on that roaster and
we'll run it through this little milk
pretty much what we did in here is
exactly what happens in the factory but
on a smaller scale and now we're going
to take the liquor sample we made and a
few others we're gonna go meet up with
Gary guitard and we're going to taste
the liquors to make sure that they're up
to the Guittard standards we've done a
cut test on these which really kind of
gives us a little bit of a preview of
what we're looking for
if cocoa bean is not fermented properly
it has a very astringent taste as coca
bean is fermented that goes away and
more of the the chocolate flavor comes
out Oh is the aromas let's try a good
one I mean my untrained ballot I'd say
and approve tastes great it's such a
powerful flavor that's just overwhelming
a lot of times when I taste it I'm
really tasting it for off flavors right
that's a good one has no off flavors so
let's go to a not good one yeah smells
different tastes completely different it
has like a manure II it is a wave Barney
this is over fermented okay it does come
across on a burnt side but that happened
in the fermentation Wow unbelievable the
the difference if you ever and that's
just from the egg you said from the
fermentation that's just that's a super
crucial we have two trays here one mine
good one being bad right and I mean just
through my untrained eye and little
experience I'd go ahead and say this was
the bad one yeah so I mean this one you
can see has a little more uniformity in
color and it's got more of that like
beautiful pink purple hue and you said
very important that you have those
cracks or fissures but this is bad
because it's not only not you totally
uniform in its color but it has some
mold you can see the bloom yeah
and it doesn't take much to ruin a whole
batch I'm amazed it doesn't happen more
often it is a pretty it happen seems
they could be so easy to screw up yeah
it is easy just yeah well mr Cotard
thank you for uh yeah thank you for your
interest and show me the ways here we
saw how the ten-pound bars are made
also here Guittard make a ton of
different chocolate products you know
from chocolate chips to the wafers you
know the wafers are probably my favorite
we use them at the bone Appetit Test
Kitchen for just about everything from
snacking to baking they melt
consistently easy to store this is a
sample room so everything's stored here
it sort of is a fun place to look and it
is sort of the diversity of products
that we make so when I call you from the
bone Appetit Test Kitchen and say Amy
listen we really need some more of those
wonderful chocolate wafers or chips do
you pull them from here or oh cool yeah
well thank you Amy alright guys there
you have it that's chocolate started off
all the way on the farm where we learned
how they were growing them how they were
harvesting them fermenting I'm drawing a
bagging I'm all that knowledge that went
into there just to get that dried bean
just to get this start and then all the
way back to the factory there we saw how
they roast them how they grind them how
they mill them you know from the chips
to the ten-pound bars all the passion
that gets involved into it it reflects
in the product and I mean I would just
like to thank Amy guitard Garriga tart
and everyone involved you know Jimmy and
his family it was really humbling and
inspiring to see that kind of care going
into what most people consider a simple
product but it's much more than that
when you go out there and buy that
chocolate just keep in mind how much it
took to get there
how would you like to say thank you and
I hope you guys enjoyed this trip as
much as we did I'll never be able to
look at chocolate the same Bon Appetit I
said good day sir you know it's just a
it's a very specialized in oh Jesus nice
to meet you right over the old gu
Bellini pal hey Vinny welcome you all
right a little more energy Vince I don't
like this thing take it back
I believe that cocoa butter
where's this cocoa butter oh just put me
in the butter that Augustus coupe oh
Jesus
oh this shirt Benny you like that good
thing we're in the Bay Area babe edge
Vale we're gonna go meet up with Tony
brought to you by edge Vale is it edge
Val edge Vale we'll find out tonight can
we please get a shot of the Redwoods
okey doke a mini huh come on call me
whatever you want tree hugger that's
fine mate I love these freaking things
the old redwood baby huh look at you
there's so many different applications
with the final product of chocolate
comment below let me know if there's
anything you'd like to see me make with
chocolate I'm not looking for chocolate
chip cookie recipes or your you know
you're a triple chocolate cake get
creative
comment below let me know if we get
enough maybe we'll get a part three Oh
No

Title - Brad Makes Honey | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
they say put my finger there all right
ready enough fooling around all right
Vinny said today we're out here and saw
the islands of Oregon the easy pump were
shooting a video all right all right
all right IRA out here in the store
Islands outside of Portland with a
company be local and they set us up with
a couple hives gentlemen Ryan who's
gonna be showing us the ropes I heard
he's a bit of a bee whisperer we're
gonna open them up extract me honey
filter it and then you put it into the
bottle nice raw honey so let's go see
how that tomato then let's not wear
suits that sounds like a good idea
oh my god can you hear that
[Music]
[Applause]
why don't you tell us what we got going
on here so we got an active hive yep
loaded with honey loaded with bees yep
these two boxes here this is where the
Queen lives in these two boxes you have
brood right what's larva eggs so in
there they'll also bring in pollen store
it in there which they'll feed just be
pollen yeah and then how do you guys
extract that is it just like a little
sweeper that it's yeah it's basically it
was like we're really screwing these
they're working their asses off but you
have to be super careful with the whip
taking honey and with taking pollen -
first things first they have to have a
knob that's really important yeah when
you extract you don't want pollen you
don't want larvae eggs in your honey
what this is for is for the other bees
to store all this excess honey now we're
smoking so little puff puff all right oh
my gosh there's so many of them are you
ready vincenzo just a little light puff
in oh god and so this is basically
somewhat of like a a one-way valve so
like you put it on like the day before
two days before and the bees can go
through it but they can't get out I
can't it's like this maze so usually
this would be full of these loaded
hopefully there won't be too much okay
ah beautiful yeah so not not too many
and there it is so beautiful so those
are all little the combs that they fill
with honey and then they'll put a little
bit of that wax coat over it just a cap
it yeah so what they're doing is when
they bring nectar in the nectar has a
moisture content it's too high
to sustain voice right yeah there's too
much water in it so it confirm it it can
go back they can sense to when that gets
to like eighteen percent fifteen sixty something like that
once it hits that moisture content then
they'll put a cap on it at that point
that oh yeah yeah actually this is this
is what's up oh yeah
you can't touch that so ooh that's
delicious
that's so good right from the hive man
can't beat that that's the first
oh yeah he's in there look you know he
had his head all the way in there man
just drinking away Benny was like you
last night that bottle of wine and the
cool thing about this system there's
like a plastic foundation they build
this out we take that take the caps off
and then all the honey will fly straight
out of here
yeah next year we could just give this
right back to them and then they won't
have to build the comb out they'll just
fill it right how nice it's give and
take so go bang them around so how many
different types of bees are there in a
honey bee colony kind of three types
basically you got the Queen yeah you've
got all the worker bees all these
workers I mean that those are all the
females the male's interestingly enough
don't do much for the hive itself they
can't sting they don't gather nectar
that so they can't protect the nest or
get any resources what the hell do they
do just have sex with queen yeah it's a
genetic diversity you know they're kind
of just spreading their seeds okay and
they'll die once they've completed their
mating ritual yeah so surprised how much
they doesn't piss him off
I mean bees they kind of have they just
got a really really bad rap oh look at
that one yeah that's that's beautiful
that density Oh God did he get the shot
they did it for me they knew I was
coming five really cool things are done
all right beat it boys beat it beat it
girls
oh God yeah I would do a do a bomb oh
yeah I do what I tell people's don't
don't throw the first punch put a little
mustard on that hit all right there you
go
well done well done I like this one day
you know I'll get myself a nice little
house with a field a couple orchard
trees you know live the dream get some
bees oh geez oh it was this pretty sure
was Mike so this is what it would have
looked like if we didn't have the Wow
skateboards on that's what the whole box
would have looked like yep yep we just
pulled all the frames out of the box and
now we're going to seal this bad boy up
and we're gonna start you know
extracting the honey I'm gonna go ahead
and give this a bang and then then we're
gonna get the hell out of here oh yeah
it was good yeah thank you girls for the
harvest thanks girls killed it this year
killed it get them next year don't take
this from the boys we do this winter
we're gonna cheat a little lunch that's
good so next step this saw this is the
decaf thing which we'll just do over
here like the shwarma got a deal you
know you don't want to like gouge out
you should i scrape up the cat just the
top and it's a little colder so make it
easier no it's a little usually easier
when it's warmer
budgeted that person so let's get a
little action Wow
so then we go through because the knife
can't get everything right so then we
got the pic and you come in and you just
kind of scrape it off flick it up a
little bit and when we were tasting the
honey it's kind of blew me away about
how much complexity of flavor was in it
I mean there it's just kind of a they go
roller coaster in your mouth you know
out here you've got hundreds of
different types of flowers and not going
to instead of just one huge field of you
know same for whatever different nectar
we'll have all kinds of different flavor
profiles alright this is awesome my
favorite thing to put honey on we did
that fermented garlic in the honey that
was a great thing it's great in tea it's
great I'm fish it's great on me it's
good on anything you bunny on me to of
any whatever you're into but I do
actually have honey in my shower why
would you do that great on the face on
the scan really yeah it's like you'll
see when you wash your hands like your
skin no kiddin so soft
yeah this is a frame of honey that we
already cut most of the caps off and
then now we're gonna put it in this
machine called the extractor get all
that good stuff out if ice not eating at
all now what so when you buy like a good
local good local raw honey I'll wait
till he's done
can you demystify the whole oh you get
good honey good for your allergies kind
of thing what is that all about the idea
behind it is basically that you're
getting pollen from your area you know
in small doses that your body can learn
how to work with it so you're getting a
vaccine essentially from the honey yep I
don't really have allergies so I can't
well I would imagine not your you know
you're in around yeah I guess that
speaks guys rubbing honey on his face I
don't think you're gonna get out all
right so all right I'm ready
initiating spin cycle oh yeah Vinny get
in there now as it gets going you're
gonna have to body up definitely step on
this wood thing and kind of just oh yeah
see
thrush your pelvis right up on it yeah
buddy I just hold it like you love it I
love it oh yeah look at that honey
flying out of there huh
we can kick it up a notch full speed
full speed I okay I gotta get the pelvis
in on that one see there's like a fine
mist of honey just like it's just go
spraying all over now I kind of like it
there we go
great pelvis action that's the key to a
good harvest key a good harvest gotta
have a good time good pelvis I had the
best in the biz right
oh here we go yeah that's a good stuff
[Applause]
[Applause]
jumping see we can go ten seconds
I can't one in please so we got those
racks in there that's spinning away and
all the honeys just flying out hitting
the side of the barrel that I'm holding
with my pelvis and the honey's just
running down through this thing and
that's the extension system straight
from the hives of bottle man oh you're
rookie the first timer will just let you
hang on there that's Witham barrel it's
probably not even necessary I was a wild
ride everyone should do that once in
Norway so that's one of the cool parts
about this process is that you know next
year I'll pop this in they don't have to
spend the resources or the time to build
out this comb so they can just fill it
right up with honey ready to go look at
that I feel like Winnie the Pooh this
carry that thing around oh it's so good
right so after this thing is all done
draining and filtering into this bucket
then what it just goes in to see the
finished product bottle or jar straight
to the jar
straight straight to whoever wants to
buy it yeah what are some of the
challenges that you're facing nowadays I
mean I know folks to talk about colony
collapse is that is it a serious threat
or like yeah yeah I think it is that's a
major challenge for bees there's new
sprays and stuff coming out all the time
seems like it's like you know two steps
forward one step backwards they'll get
some lobbyists you know repeal some
stuff when people ask what can we do you
know if they can't keep bees that's one
major thing that they could do buy
organic local honey yeah if you support
it you know then it creates the market
for it and and you know people will
change from kinda from the ground up
right totally well hey man thanks for
making honey with us and showing ropes
absolutely come back any time man all
right Vinny so that was it man this is
the final product look at that beautiful
color clear oh that's amazing not just
as it's sweet but just has so much
complexity and different flavors this
compared to something that you would get
at you know you're running the mill
supermarket in your honey bear or
whatever there's just no comparison as
far as as depth and concentration of
flavor amazing ingredients to work with
it's more than just putting it in your
tea you know you can put it on Sam and
you can put it on chicken you can put it
in a marinade and apparently you can
just cover your body and make you look
young and beautiful forever
by local honey and enjoy Bon Appetit I
just want to be a bee Vinny
I just want to fill a big fifty five-gallon drum
of this stuff and just have a Brad
submersion vessel
I just dunk and bathed and honey sounds
wonderful
all right how you say that I own again
Xabi suave
all right we're up here in the Sava
Islands solve so huffy Jesus Christ
we're out here in the saw Bay Islands so
all the islands well how do you say that
solve a Sally hey Ben how do you save
the island so they so solve a alright be
nice we're out here on the Solvay so
what they say solve solve islands Minnie
Minnie saw violence right we're out here
in this Solvay they saw of islands they
were outside here say this one so what
are we calling this a rack frame a frame
yes we went and collected these trees a
rack see calling frames frames
yellowjackets man yeah beat it
Danielle jackets and nobody likes you
they make a little bit oh dude it really
yeah I think they just made in
nightmares well Vinny don't just get a
picture of me standing here huh check
out the dog he's doing it to him
get some dog shots many people love dogs
[Music]

Title - Brad's Top Ten Fermentation Tips | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
back the botulism kind of got yelled at
for that last comment sorry
hey guys today on it's alive we're gonna
be doing something a little different I
got my top ten tips of fermentation
you're looking to get started or looking
up your gear game for fermentation this
is for you
tip number one ready
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
tip number one lynnie and this is a nice
one gallon jar just look up fermentation
jars you can get them with just sealing
lids or with lids that have these little
air locks but what that does is let the
gas out lets the gas out and nothing can
get back in so that gas doesn't make the
jar explode you don't need that but
otherwise you have to burp it and then
if you're going to be doing anything
liquid you want to get like a beer
making or fermentation grade glass I've
had a couple mostly just one bad
accident where I was using glass that
was not fermentation grade it just
couldn't take the pressure and I mean it
thing turned into dust this one I can't
stress enough you know and you go to
like a cafe and they come up with one of
these and they they pour your water it's
those usually are just decorative not
fermentation grade tip number two of any
accessories couple companies to make
some really cool products this one's
called crowdsource and this just goes
right onto your onto your mason jar here
you know as it starts to release the gas
it just does a little self burping thing
another one cool company called mason
tops this is just another little
airlocks and then it comes with this
great little tamper you know when you're
making sauerkraut or kimchi everything
needs to be submerged a little under
underneath that liquid so this helps you
know instead of shoving you can't get
your hand down there you know I can't
say how you say that word Andy golly
it's collie Italian scholarly I feel
like this day and age a lot of people
have digital cooking scales if you don't
get one it's really great for fermenting
especially when you start dealing with
different salt percentages and when
you're making Brian's last cool little
gizmo that I really like I believe I'm
pronouncing it correct a refractometer
it reads the amount of sugar that's in
the water so you can gauge how much
carbonation will take place you can get
as much as one but you know having that
uh-oh
hey Gibbs you paid for it that's fine
refractometer great tool terrible case
tip number three tip number tree Oh
whose good produce you know if you go
get like a real nice head of cabbage at
a farmers market compared to something
that's been sitting in some box in a
supermarket for god only knows how long
the amount that product will ferment
isn't very noticeable also when you're
buying produce you know get organic when
you as much as possible having things
sprayed with pesticides and stuff like
that that's not going to translate well
into when you're trying to grow life in
a jar pesticides and no good you want to
get fresh fresh fresh
nice nice nice tip number four
sanitation cleanliness we talked about
all these jars and gadgets and and
doodads anything that's going to be in
contact with what you're fermenting or
using you want to have cleans a great
food grade sanitizer it's called star
sandy it's kind of like the industry
standard when it comes to the beer
making winemaking fermentation kills
everything not harmful I mean you'll
want to go drinking it or nothing but
diluted it's a good thing always wash
your hands always wash your vessels and
always wash your produce what's the old
saying cleanliness is next to godliness
or something same goes with presentation
oh what's that
what's next finis tip number five it's
always good to write things down keep
track of your adjustments of your
recipes that way you can recreate them
you know if you're like me you see you
tend to forget things after a while get
yourself something like some masking
tape label things the more information
the better the data data data data data
data data data data data data keep track
of your information what are we on tip
number six we're gonna head over take a
little field trip to fermentation
station over here you know when you're
fermenting things you kind of want to be
in like a cool dark spot you don't want
to be out in the Sun you don't want to
put it on you know on your windowsill
we're running at a pretty a pretty cool
sixty nine degrees right now the ideal
temperature for I've found is around
like anywhere from like seventy
seventy-five eighty sixty five to eight
it really depends on what you're doing
when it's a cooler temperature it slows
down most fermentations and when it gets
hot it speeds it up I mean if it gets
too hot it'll it'll start to have
negative X and can kill a fermentation
in certain bacterias and yeasts but the
sweet spot for me I have found to be
around seventy-five eighty degrees
seventy degrees right in that window not too
cold not too hot just nice tip number
seven Vincenzo we're gonna talk about
salt you go you know aunt Susie's house
and she's got that like BS iodized salt
you don't want to go using that when
you're starting to make you know
fermenting things you want to get some
real nice kosher salt tried and trued
been around forever is the diamond
crystal kosher salt it's got a great
consistency super clean taste and then
another one my buddy Ben Ben Jacobs and
small company mostly they're known for
their big flaky sea salt oh well this
come out before or after this comes out
before okay are they ever coming out
beautiful day we're gonna make some
salted okay the Gordon fisherman but he
also come that with a great kosher sea
salt ever since we started getting it
from them I've been using that in all my
fermentations flavor just really comes
through and you know it's just you gotta
do quality it's all about quality when
you're doing projects like this tip
number eight here we're gonna bring up
something that people have asked about a
lot I'm not very concerned with it but
botulism it's a real thing apparently it
really strives in an anaerobic
environment where there's no zero oxygen
I mean who was the last the last person
that got botulism I think it was how was
that good that was gold right well I
just got yelled that for that so if you
do want to check your pH levels check it
out on Google but I think it's like I
really should get that number huh hold
on
they won't live in an atmosphere four point seven or
lower so if you want to shoot first keep
it around for you should be more than
fine they make a nice little digital
thing where you can put whatever your
liquid is you know just also real cheap
you can just get them on online is the
little pH dipstick that wraps back into
cleanliness
I mean botulism do a little research but
that stuff's everywhere it's just more
about the toxin that is released when
it's in an an arab anaerobic environment
i think the easiest way to get it is
putting garlic and olive oil so just
don't do that ferment foods you'll be
fine next tip number nine mini and
that's books you know get out there you
know order some books go to a bookstore
for God's sakes I've got two of my
favorites here by the good old Sandor
Katz the fermentation legend anything
you could possibly want to know you can
get from these guys a fermenting is not
a new thing it's been around for
thousands of years there's a ton of
information out there so information you
know more the more you know the better
and then you know what just go and meet
some people you know make some friends
in the fermentation world same with I
get on the internet kind of changed the
game a lot of forums and websites and
chat groups I don't know if people do
that anymore about go to the farmers
market go to a fermenting workshop make
some friends there's always some weird
guy making pickles in his basement in a
bathtub or some go make friends with him
and then I and that's how you learn
stuff last but not least tip number ten
go ahead and subscribe to our YouTube
channel and we can ferment and learn
together if you haven't seen any of the
other episodes check them out where
we're actually fermenting we're seeing
how things are made if you have any
questions put them in the old comment
section tell me what you make what you
want to see me make and that's part of
the community get involved have fun Bon
Appetit
what do you think Vinny three and a
half yeah you know it's not in there
Vinny botulism
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes A Knife with Bob Kramer | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
all right Vinny holiday season is
amongst us everyone scramble to find the
best gift one of the best gifts you can
give I think is a well-made knife it's
probably the most important tool in the
kitchen today we're up here a little bit
north of Seattle joined by Bob Kramer
legendary knife maker and we're going to
be making the night from start to finish
whether you're going to a wedding a
funeral Christmas whatever let's start
again no funeral
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right Vinny so I got Bob Kramer with
me here Bob thanks yeah my pleasure and
uh tell us a little bit we're gonna be
making what kind of knife we're gonna
make that so there's a like a five-inch
utility blade what are we doing for
steel for another knife for me okay so
we're gonna make some steel from scratch
and scratch this is pure iron okay in
the powder form right can't get nothin
past me Vince this is carbon so we got
to add carbon to the iron to make steel
this is manganese these two things are
necessary to get the iron to be
pardonable kind of reminds me of
measuring out your dry ingredients to
make some cake or something exactly yeah
it's just like making cake or branch
tree yep science science pity
so in this right into the crucible into
the crucible we're gonna melt that down
and then if all things go well something
like this will come out we're gonna make
a cupcake this is very high-tech on
switch perfect amount of weightt go go
but oh it's going we're going and this
thing is going to heat up from the
inside so it's making all the molecules
go crazy hey why all right and that
friction is causing massive e-exactly
for that to get read how hot do you
think that is roughly one thousand four hundred degrees oh
wow one minute one minute to get to
one thousand four hundred degrees forty nine or Fahrenheit we're
going to need one of these back in the
kitchen Vince up now we're starting to
melt
oh yeah Wow just looks like bubbling
center of the Sun I think it's done it's
about now that our speedo is melted and
it's starting to set back up right what
are we doing next
this is solidifying let it cool a little
bit more then we're going to grab it
take it to the forge
let it heat back up and then we're going
to squish it down and stretch it out so
we're gonna go from there to something
like that
we're gonna try let go any way Vince
here we go coming they're not hot
biscuit right into the forge
so we heated up our steel cupcakes that
we made now we're getting them like I
said back to that pliable heat plastic
state you got to get it hot enough so
you can move it it's like whoa yeah put
me in coach ready yeah get it
back in the fire and it's getting full
so we're gonna take this and straighten
it out then take it to the rolling mill
and stretch it
[Music]
Wow
[Music]
that's crazy and one more time
[Music]
to the air to the press to the
precedence
[Music]
that's it we're done so that's cool you
can make your flat stock like that and
then cut out whatever pieces you want to
make whatever night hi but we're gonna
Forge it to shape so we're going to take
two different kinds of steel stack them
and weld them together and what that's
what there's a Damascus yes right yep so
here is a pre-made billet with two
different kinds of steel this is steel a
steel be still a steel be okay well
you're going to fuse them together and
then draw it out beautiful all right so
now we're gonna cut little chunks out of
it and then Forge it shape it Forge and
shape each individual chunk
yeah you're gonna get one I'm gonna get
one so there's about five knives in
there
[Music]
all right we just cut our little billet
here we're gonna heat it up and start
building the little heel and the puts
them some life and some shape into the
knife so we're going to bring it from
this and try to get it to this
essentially we're pretty straight I'll
do a couple of tweaking hits it's gonna
be a little lumpy not perfect and we can
grind all that away it's definitely
thicker than it needs to be so the core
face of it you want to be able to get a
perfect straight exactly right Bob set
me up with his master template for the
style of knife the petit knife that we
are making and we're just going to use
this this grinder here and we're just
going to clean up the profiles ready to
go hey Bobby I turn this on maybe the
power button that means
well clenched egg their Vinny
but smoking nicely it wasn't me
all right so we finished grinding up the
profile of the blade and then now that
we have that shape we're going to go and
cut the make this work this way yeah it
may cut the edge and there what are we
calling that the bevel the bevel
oh yeah all right so we left the
grinding room and what are we doing here
bub
we are hardening this blades this is a
molten salt so it's an oxygen-free
atmosphere it's a sous vide for knives
by hardening so what we're just making
this deal harder essentially correct I
mean we're dissolving the carbon into
the iron and then we're gonna capture it
trap it by the quench all right so we've
got tempering baths and that will bring
the knife to a working hardness so it's
not too hard it's not too brittle when
it's hardened it's under a lot of stress
we go into there to just add some heat
to kind of massage it so you're making
the knife happy making the steel this is
a martini for the knife all right yeah
make it too so this is hardening quench
temper correct I get an A Vinny first
time in my life what's my baby come from
well stow away he was in my check-in bag
I checked them okay so yeah we finished
grinding up and then now we're cleaning
up the blade so you lose that rough
kinda off the belt sander cut marks in
it and I guess essentially we're kind of
polishing if someone who knows what
you're talking about could fact-check
that but boy it sounded right huh coming
out of the factory right the scratches
would all be going now right but if
you're doing like custom professions the
direction of the scratches getting that
cream your knives custom baby nice job
beautiful all right I think we should
clean it and etch it see the magic like
putting the oil on your wood that grain
just pops there's what we live for then
and here we have an acid bath not an
acid to the point where it's going to
burn your hands but on the pH scale it's
an acid this we did all the super hard
work it feels like and this is kind of
like the payoff the beauty like putting
you know developing a picture just like
that yeah so we've got the Polaroid now
we're shaking it and we're just seeing
it come out science magic yeah oh
see those lines popping it's beautiful
see it's gray silver and then black we
got some jazz going on there gorgeous
the acid eats these layers at a
different rate because it's different
metals yeah because there's different
chemistry like we mixed in different
things in the steel Wow not the coolest
thing I did in a while so at this point
we're gonna take the face piece which is
kind of like the bolster which he's just
filed so that it fits it's gonna slide
onto the knife we're gonna fill the
wooden handle with glue and we're gonna
slide that in and then we're gonna
compress the whole thing in this clamp
over here and let it set up and dry so
yeah we'll come back tomorrow we'll take
this off
clean it up shape the handle put an edge
on it call it a night all right so we
left off yesterday it was a glued up
knife
now we're gonna shape out the handle
let's get a shaping Vinny oh I said it
so size down I always up size down
whatever we're gonna knives to make I'm
same English class you're gonna start
running you know a pretty coarse grit
we're gonna grind it down shape it get
it symmetrical get it to the shape that
I want and then then we'll start to step
up the grit on the sandpaper all right
Vinny so we got it to the shape that
you know I'm happy with but we got these
two different wheels that Bob set us up
with and we're gonna go ahead and polish
these out give it a nice shiny glossy
finished finish
all right so we wrapped up on the handle
and now we're gonna get into putting an
edge on that I'm gonna have Bob cook to
the original edge for me there since it
is Bob we have two planes coming
together and so we got a remove material
remove material and we want those two
planes to intersect and when they do
this little fuzzy part my fingertips is
the wire ends and it is crucial in
nature absolutely you have to have that
first
yep that's the wire edge now we cut like
the foundation right right now we can
start to step that just like what we
were doing with the rest of the sanding
essentially we're sanding yep we can
buff this out really quickly yeah let's
hit the power tools
[Music]
Oh
Oh it's feeling rather sharp too now we
go for the push cut sure
oh oh that's satisfy that's no good
Vinny we're gonna make it rain paper
here uh Vincenzo you gotta clean it up
after death Bob that's fantastic
if I wanted to drop that onto a stone
what grit did you bring that up - oh
it's it's always yeah it's probably like
fifteen thousand okay all right yeah so
we're gonna go ahead and call that done
well hey Bob this has been a help thanks
for coming it's been my pleasure thanks
for teaching all right guys there it is
we started from melting down some some
powder and some chunks and metal and
making our own steel fold and foraging
made this beautiful knife bob was kind
enough to lend his time and his
knowledge to us and show me the way so
super grateful for that and yeah excited
holiday season is right around the
corner you saw what it takes to make
this knife so if you love someone get
him a knife Bon Appetit oh gotta be
lookin for trouble Vinny this ain't
necessary alive but it's got energy
watchin that start to finish if that
don't make you feel alive I can't help
you I wanted to say something I forgot
about like I know this isn't alive but
making knives you know if that don't
make you feel alive I mean I know it's
not alive this isn't exactly alive but
if make it a high performance a night
like this if that don't make you feel
alive then we can't help you maybe we'll
save that for the end man I've been
thinking about that for days though he's
very satisfying to me I like to take a
little hair off the arm to just show
sharp as a razor if you go cutting
yourself doing it I don't want to hear
it's not my fault but look at that Vinny
ooh
who's better than us huh maybe Bob yeah
buddy smoothies
rest all right get out of here yeah
[Laughter]

Title - Brad and Sean Evans Make Cast-Iron Pizza | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
something happened I like hiccup rasa
showman such a showman
for the people for the people people
hey guys today on it's alive with a
little special edition sean evans from
first we feast you might have seen him
on hot ones and sean in the wild
i took two bites bitch - glasses there
was a human being
oh but he's here with us today and i'm
gonna show him how to make a cast-iron
pizza should be fun it should be fun and
we're doing a little bit of a twist
similar to hot ones we're gonna be
eating increasingly hot bites of pizza
as we make another pizza starting with
the it's live hot sauce and finishing
with something that's probably not even
safe to eat powerful
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hot sauce is how do they they measure by
the Scoville unit I think yeah yes but
the Scoville scale is is a measure of
capsaicin concentrations and so a
jalapeno for example that'll probably
measure around ten thousand Blair's Megadeth
sauce with liquid rage for example
five hundred fifty thousand on the skull it's mild so today
we're gonna be eating pizza bites fifty five
times hotter than a jalapeno great great
and I think I hope you also kinda hot so
did you ever test your sauce is just on
the tongue alright well I would say this
beautiful beautiful color I'm very
impressed
it's for men tonight I feel like the
peppers lose a little bit of their heat
in their ferment so not super hot but
kind of hot but kinda hot I would say
this listen if you're not a hot sauce
person if you don't have a foundation
for it this will knock some people off
their chair for sure good I think you're
looking at an eighty thousand one
hundred dollars really very nice I'm
impressed I request thank you cheers
Cheers
it's nice I'm pizza I'm proud of you
this is very good thank you
hot sauce it's my thing cast-iron pizzas
and other your thing how do you start
first off free eat your oven these ones
thankfully we get up to five hundred so I'm going
to five hundred fify that's fine turn that up to five hundred fify
and then I put this on a little medium
low just so when I drop it in there it's
already hot ready to go
that'll help set up that nice snappy
crust on the bottom and then I will
start working the dough a little Brad oh
yes sir are you forgetting something
yeah that was quick this is the hot one
sauce fifteen thousand five hundred on the Scoville scale take a
bite oh yeah nice flavor mm-hmm little
tickle on the tongue there mm-hmm very
nice on pizza if you can eat that like I
said just like kind of like that it's
all just like you we're competing in the
same market mark you've got a beat on
the label all right I wasn't so bad I
got a feeling on the Phase three is
gonna be a little more abusive it's a
very steep ramp up great first of all
you want to get a little flowers I use a
little bit of cornmeal all-purpose flour
and just a pinch of sugar and that
little bit of sugar helps you really get
a nice snappy crust on the bottom is it
mostly just a texture thing do you get
any taste out of
what's the uh you know I don't think you
get to too much taste it's more of a
texture thing doesn't burn and it helps
that pizza release real easily right
right pretty satisfying stuff so I just
like to make a little pad here little
landing zone for the pizza and again
throw your pizza folks out there and I'm
not throwing this thing in the air like
Giuseppe but you know I kind of just
mold it in my hands everyone has their
own way as long as you get it round I
don't care all right we've got a problem
comment below all right here we go so
I'm just gonna drop this invert this
right up okay with the cast iron how is
this different from deep-dish pizza
what's special about the guy I wouldn't
even consider this really a deep-dish
pizza we're not building like this crazy
thing like you boys in the three to one to do but
what I like you know what was question
again what's different about the slice
is the oven you look inside that pizza
up and it's this big slab of steel left
that's wrong them on so by pre and that
we're kind of cheating it always put a
little salt on your dough Vince always
seasoned your dough but I don't like put
a little black pepper on there so I got
the cast iron that I've preheated on the
stovetop now well I reckon we should
probably add another bagel bite huh
we're going right into the lion's den
here now off is the zombie apocalypse
I'll let you buy the first I'll do with
you well he's a freaking professional oh
yeah graver Oh habanero he's great son
what is it fun yeah let's make more
pizza let's so many hurdles we can put
in front of us more than maybe there's a
little scared it gets worse than that
yeah what are you drinking there nope
little milk action that helps friggin
eyes at Aaron John Jesus Christ I mean
like milk let's get moving
daddy's gonna drop a little bit of this
into the pan uh-huh good God and here
you just want to do this with confidence
pick it up
just go like to get the little crust up
there you know oh oh baby hurry up won't
my nose showing you you driving I got
this I got this man I got holy Christ
you know it's cold all right pull
together they oniy sweat in here all
right Shawn you want us what I like to
do is the ladle ladle that in and what I
like to do is get it up on the crust to
interest yeah give it a whirl what do
you like about that most people do not
put it on the cross was it on the cross
well because I like I like sauce on the
cross and I think it does a nice thing
it just kind of caramelized is on the on
the cross Jesus Christ we're in for a
real show once we get to the next phase
it's already happening the trains on the
tracks the train is off the track off of
the tracks
all right with my next trick we're into
the cheese here you could do this I got
you to work yeah yeah nice and I like to
even get it up onto the crust oh you
know what I beat you to that because I
knew that you were going there and then
I'm gonna do a little bit of mushroom on
there look at this uh look at this
tag-team dispute good huh what I like to
do here is take a little bit of
extra-virgin olive oil and just do a
little light drizzle real quick
mmm that'll sneak underneath a little
bit and help raise up that crust so
we're gonna throw this into the oven all
right Vincenzo here we go
coming in I don't go putting the timer
on it because every pie is a little
different you know keep an eye on it and
it looks like it's starting to get to
the color you want then we pull this so
in the meantime yeah let's just tortured
me more I'm gonna take the Google
anywhere I'm sweating over here all
right this is what the bomb - bomb
beyond insanity Oh sounds great sounds
appetizing
oh Jesus oh yeah huh just go a geek oh
just dump me all right I'm not there yet
all right you know what maybe oh no it's
starting Elaine Simon's getting there
yeah it'sit's to me it's almost like I'm
Italian oh I feel like the other one
maybe I just got him I know it's there
yeah yeah so we got the pizza in the
oven I got the ovens in my mat which is
just put the pizza in my mouth terrible
joke God that was a little bit of a
creeper yeah I like that sometimes
cheese is melting
those are eyes and we're letting all the
heat out many are you a spicy food guy I
don't like when is like over it ruins
the dish right you know for me it's like
more of a balance thing I'm not a big
fan that just popping the pepper you
know I've done that a few times you have
I've done that a couple times too I used
to work at this deli in Fairfield New
Jersey when I was a young lad and this
little Italian man came in and he was
throwing these peppers he's like ah you
gotta buy he's like don't eat the whole
thing I took a bite and I remember for
about half an hour I couldn't work I had
my head was on the table
and it was just like drooling I don't
know what he had I like that you're just
sort of accepting peppers from strangers
and then just popping well I knew I knew
him but I didn't know he was growing
like heavy metal peppers yeah
what are you with some of your favorite
stuff do you like to put on pizza to me
a green peppers sausage pizza is sorry
to cut you up green bell pepper yes I
knew I liked you
hey everyone bust my chops about green
bell peppers no love them obviously one
more check here Vincenzo will pull it
out we'll take a look so just a little
demonstration sake we'll give it a check
if he needs to go back oh it's beautiful
don't look bad right now take a peek on
the bottom we can see you want to make
sure there's no pale spots on the day
that pizza should lift right off nice
public we're I'm gonna call this now
time of death is four forty boom boom look at
that no droop egde no nothing and we'll
let that rest let that hang out before
we get go Wow is we just but I guess
we'll jump in get our last pizza bite
you think I should eat the whole thing
we've already kind of gone three quarters of the
way I feel good now I'm like hi exactly
and just push the chips in the middle of
the table who cares all in they all in
oh yeah before it gets cold
oh god my fingers don't work we're gonna
just drape a little bit that ham on
there that's good
yeah great put the ham on here you can
do the bass I got you I got you
whoo yep I'm sorry I can't think yep
that was hot you're there we're in that
space man I'm like something happen I
like hiccup grasses just showman such a
showman
for the people for the people people
yeah hiccup hurt me this is terrible
Shawn yeah yeah I was gonna brush the
hair hey Don
aren't you glad bone Appetit give you a
Test Kitchen show yeah not a hot sauce
show gonna okay there you have it it's a
wrap bye
I always like to drizzle with a little
frog God Jesus Christ just a little
olive oil drizzle to bring it home I
like that a little bit well I'm a hanger
blow my nose again yeah yeah some
consequences death sauce for sure five
hundred and fifty thousand Scoville a
jalapeno ten thousand so fifty five
times hotter than a jalapeno sure my
ears are coursing through the
bloodstream over here well cheers man
yes it's not falling apart no look at
this perfect that's why I'm starting
with a hot pan and having that but I
think that little bit of sugar in the
mix really kind of helps
[Music]
we're good
it's a great beat look through all the
way nice cook through crispy cross
bottom the bottom
yeah there's no SOG action this ain't no
DiGiorno's right this ain't no freezer
pizza right here this is the real deal
and I mean as we saw it's pretty easy
but as we've learned today nothing in
this episode is easy so before you take
a bite though you're done soon
this is the last dab it is the hottest
sauce on the show what we're gonna
gently I love them is dab the last bite
with a little something extra bottom
line is this my man I hope that you
enjoy the last dab as much as I enjoyed
the pizza and I really thank you and no
matter what happens after this fight
it's been a real pleasure lovely day all
right here goes nothing Vincenzo I hope
you're happy
no the pizza being hot itself didn't
help anything I feel like I might have
swallowed the bulk of it which probably
isn't gonna be good in about eight hours
right right right I don't know I didn't
really like me up because I think I
might it was the the sauce was burning
me it's still that's pretty hot you did
take a big bite and then you said it
sort of like choke down the pizza and I
kind of and I ended up swallowing a bike
that I think had maybe that had the most
on it you're a very honest guy but I
think that you might have just you know
hacked the system now give me another
little dab okay okay oh yeah there it is
mm-hmm
but you know what
it kind of does have a nice flavor thank
you beyond the heat it kind of does have
that nice kind of floral e you like the
love the mustard notes you like the yeah
oh yeah I'm getting a little bit of
mustard now I'm getting hot I'm like
literally sweating
yeah it's pretty hot all right gu
Bellinis going back on let me know um
what kind of pizza you make how it goes
for you what you like to put on it let
me know in the old comments Sean thanks
for uh thanks for joining us one bad
thank you for having me in shout out to
Brad the man knows how to make a cast
iron skillet pizza thank you good fun
Bon Appetit baby I'm gonna get yourself
a little pizza huh it was probably the
most I've cursed huh give me a lot of
bleeping on this one
that was Blair that last one yeah Blair
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Kimchi | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
oh I see the red light Vinny oh hey red
light all right today Vinny today we're
going to be making some kimchi
fermented Korean food I'm gonna be
making a cabbage kimchi
I love kimchi it's you know huge
probiotic it sounds pretty intimidating
but it's kind of rather simple and today
we're gonna try to demystify that we're
gonna make it together hold on then Stan
hi since I made a mess okay we're back
[Music]
I'm gonna start here I got my my cabbage
some people like to cut just like a
quarter down like that and kind of let
it open up into quadrants but leave it
attached at the bottom what I like to do
just cut it into quarters leave in the
decor in place and then we'll take it
over to the sink we'll just give them a
quick little rinse I got three and a
half pounds of cabbage and then I got a
little over a quarter cup of salt so
we'll just spread the leaves open and
just kind of get it into the different
leaves like that when we come back in a
little bit this will have a lot more
water and these will be wilted down a
little bit and it'll make its own brine
and now we're just gonna I'm gonna turn
a rub um a little kind of just massage
them you can see the water is just
flying out of them already all right now
we're gonna let this sit for about two
hours and about every thirty minutes or so
just come by give them another little
massage while that's sitting in the food
processor we're gonna make a little
paste one cup of water here and we're
gonna bring that up to a quick boil
about a piece of ginger this big that I
did I peeled and cut up in the chunks
one small onion then what the hell Oh
garlic they're about fifteen cloves of garlic
that I crushed about about twenty minutes
ago get that Alison for me you know I'm
talking about right the Alison is what's
really really good for you in garlic I
believe anyhow I'm gonna add this is
that shrimp and crab fermented paste and
then I got a little secret ingredient
we're gonna wait till the end I'll keep
it in the walk-in but I got a little
oyster and I should just add a big
flavor bomb
that little seafood e briny umami
weirdness
we'll get to that later here we go
pulsing I'm gonna go ahead and dump the
pepper flakes right in here and just
give it a little blitz to mix beautiful
into the bowl we go here Vincenzo we're
still gonna add that port so this will
loosen up a little bit all right Vinny
look we got our water going here and
here I got a little bit of a sugar and
sweet white rice flour what we're gonna
do now Vince cuz I'm just gonna add this
liquid into this paste okay
[Music]
it's been about two hours look we've got
a nice amount of liquid form down there
that just strictly came out of the
cabbage look how it's nice and kind of
wilted and that's the cell walls
breaking releasing all that moisture
which we want for our kimchi making
process so what we're gonna do now you
want to keep that liquid in the bowl hey
Lao right what I want to do now I want
to just take the core out all right this
is where we're at Vinny make sure I
didn't miss any give that a little cut
what the hell so we're gonna add that
paste Vincenzo okay chip dirt my own
feet Vinny you know what bothers me my
hands aren't wet they're just they had a
little bit of moisture I'm just a little
bit and then I can never get the damn
gloves on when your hands are a little
wet God's sakes I'm just gonna do a nice
little nice little massage of all that
stuff in there and we're gonna add the
veg look I had some scallions that I
chopped up Asian pear a lot of chives I
like chopping chive better and then now
we're just gonna toss evenly Oh Vinny
up here you know what I forgot a quarter
cup of fish sauce totally drop the ball
but we're gonna go ahead and decide that
right in now no big deal you clean this
up real quick all right Vinny I don't
want people thinking I'm a slob okay cuz
I ain't kimchi's messy business know so
you gotta clean as you go
ain't no one said this is gonna be easy
um it's pretty easy to make okay
make this nice zip zip tube to bobble
Bobble you drop a pop fish sauce I
believe red bow is Viet Minh Viet Minh
ease the Vietnamese and cut yeah made in
Vietnam fish sauce is pretty cool
ingredient big flavor pretty salty I
think I'm gonna go for three tablespoons
so an ounce and a half that's a lot of
fish sauce I don't care who yes
I'm gonna reserve a little bit and then
we're gonna do a little oyster get in
there in that hinge all that liquid and
all and then I'm just gonna drop it
right in there
whoo that one went on nice you see that
many so we're gonna give this a nice
little mix
so uh so you want to tamp it down you
want all your your big pieces of cabbage
and vegetables to be submerged under
that liquid all right we'll give it a
quick little shower then when it's done
is gonna depend on the temperature of
where you're fermenting it just keep
checking it keep coming back to it you
know get to know it before you eat it
become friends with it
today's Wednesday we'll come back on
Friday check up on it I'm expecting
Monday for it to be done for me I like
it to be a little clunk crunchy if you
like it real soggy and kind of mushy let
it go longer that's it so yeah if any
we'll come back in two days and we'll
check up on our babies huh high five bit
inappropriate in inappropriate okay so
today's Friday Vinny we started we made
this kimchi what I guess was it on
Tuesday she was starting over
so this is about three days in there's
some bubbles starting to creep up that
you can see in there it's starting to
ferment if we open this up it's it's
pretty fragrant I like kimchi where it's
still got some crunch to it and I kind
of like it fizzy
I wish it was a little bit warmer
because I almost want it to ferment real
fast and get real real fizzy but not
penetrate all the way through the
vegetables look when I push down there
all those bubbles you know they weren't
there when we did this earlier that's
not just trapped there that's the gases
from the fermentation
you can tell it's starting to go a
little more opaque it's still got a
lipstick it's still pretty crunchy good
flavor Monday it'll be done when you
bite into the cabbage you get that a
little bit of like tingles the tongue a
little I like that that's the that's the
fermentation I believe that's just the
gases well let this go till Monday
if you goo it could be check-check bingo
Ringo tango what was your favorite
Beatle interesting I might have to go a
little George Harrison so we started
this kimchi oh well you should date it
but we started this last Wednesday and
today is the second as you can see the
bubbles they were much more active
earlier in the week as the fermentation
was still pretty fresh it's kind of
mellowed down at this point I think I'll
refrigerate it and that'll severely halt
the fermentation process it still has a
little bit of crunch in the center but
it's nice and soft on the outside I dig
that if you wanted to you could strain
off some of the liquid I don't mind the
liquid I think it helps it from drying
out and yeah well obviously it'll store
better in the fridge if it has liquid in
it oxygen is the enemy of everything as
important as it is in life but also is
what kills us overall same thing when it
comes to fermentation oh yeah that's
real good a little bit of tingle a
little bit of heat like sour funkiness
from the fermentation at Christmas right
I really like it why don't you tell me
you're a tough critic
pretty good but tying is mellow how does
it see a little bit in the end it's not
busy really it's not oh I kind of like
the fizz I'm gonna call it right there
because I don't like when it goes full
Mashhad yeah do you want to preserve
that little bit of crunch but I think
that can last in the walk-in for pretty
much four I'm not gonna say forever but
for you should eat it before it would go
bad
no you loving phrase it you'll likely
eat it before it goes bad
hey Wow come here bud you want to taste
it's a clean Fork yeah tell me what you
get in loses yeah yeah what do you get
yeah you like that right yeah it's still
crunchy not your soggy I hate a soggy
kimchi I don't like a soggy kimchi
either and I think that happens from
over fermentation some people love that
if you love that that's fine do that I
like a little crunch like goal out here
Kim she's one of those things there's a
million ways to that you can make it if
you have your basic fundamental what you
add as far as flavor and profiles is
really just personal preference but it's
the technique that is important let me
know how you like to make chimp kimchi
and if there's other things you'd like
to I've seen me do leave them in the
comments below thanks for turning in
kimchi Bon Appetit alright I think that
was good
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Sauerkraut | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
Oh Minnie fighting to find you their
Basketball Diaries is Mark Wahlberg in
it today we're gonna be making a little
sauerkraut got some green cabbage here
so we're gonna core it slice it into
nice little strips will massage it with
salt pack it into a jar with some
caraway a little garlic
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
swampthing baby remember swampthing
we'll start here where our green cabbage
cut this bad boy in half my sharp knife
no problem well gee mmm that didn't
happen and we're back so what were we
doing we have these I'm gonna cut the
core out and I like to just take my
knife and cut like a nice little
triangle there's rice cakes ooh and now
we're just gonna slice it into thin
little strips
this guy a good rule of thumb for making
sauerkraut is ten grams of salt per pound
of cabbage so I got six pounds of cabbage
I got sixty grams of salt
easy peasy math good for me good for you
what's the timings exactly two o'clock
cooking gaffe great great night company
uh watch company and so there it is
looks like a ton of cabbage but as we
salt it like we're going to do now over
in a half an hour it'll probably be
reduced to half so I'll sprinkle on a
good a good portion of the salt there
I'd say about a quarter of it and then
just start massaging the cabbage okay
maybe we won't do it in the sink tense I
don't like how that was rocking around
like that and then working in batches
just adding more salt if you have a
local maker buddy of mine Ben Ben
Jacobsen out in outside of Portland
Oregon making some real cool salt okay
you want to get your hands in on this
one and really kind of massage it and
crush it up a little bit once you get a
good mix like that gun I like to switch
to the hands the fist okay
little cabbage crushers you know this
one you're not really tearing it up but
you're kind of just just crushing it
down a little you want some of the
cabbage crushes Vince I don't think so
pal we're gonna let this sit and then in
about fifteen minutes I'm gonna repeat the
process and just give it a little bit of
a tender massage again
oh so this has been sitting for about a
half an hour six pounds of cabbage
remember the ball the bowl was pretty
the bowl was pretty full and now look
any get in here but liquid at the bottom
that's good and look how much it's it's
junk it's shrunk in size I mean water is
just coming out of it and that's good
that's what we want use your hands and
just crush it kind of sounds like close
your eyes Vinny kind of sounds like
walking in slush or like a look a fresh
snow pack snow or maybe like a wet
rubber boot going through like a muddy
trail in a pine forest yeah your
portaging can Lake the lake all right
well I got really brought me somewhere
on that one really I'm gonna fold in
some of these spices and let them get
kind of happy so that was the mustard
seed in the caraway and now I'm gonna
add a little bit of that fresh garlic
crushed and chopped alright and then
we'll just fold that in and let all
those juices and salt and the cabbage
and the spices just start to bleed
together we'll let that sit real time
laughs so I got this it's a one gallon jar
and it just comes in a little lid in
this little airlock you don't need to do
this I just like to because I have it
what you want to do with this we're
gonna pack it in here so as we push this
down its own natural liquids will start
to rise you want your cabbage mixture to
be submerged in its own bride I got this
nice little tamper you want to go
pushing that stuff down alright and then
look Benny I got all that residual
liquid whoa easy girl
you want to leave a little headspace
because it will foam it'll be an active
fermentation no doubt about that we'll
check on it in about a week but I think
it will take about two weeks to go to
where you want it so I'm just gonna
rinse this off so you get an spinny
anti-human ratio I think we learned this
like a million-to-one or something right
I said a hundred to one I'm gonna take a
it's a lot man there's a lot of freaking
ants okay I'm cool with the ants you're
listening ants we're cool
I don't know no trouble with you guys
hardware
workers man you see those fire ants when
they flood and they all swarm together
and make like their own survival raft
they got to figure it out man it will
pop that over here in fermentation alley
well check on it and in a week two weeks
it should be done ready to eat but it'll
fit what the how fast it ferments will
depend on where you got your cabbage
from how warm it is in here we'll be
checking in what's today today's
Wednesday well I'm gonna I mean I'm
gonna check it every day because these
are my babies you know I get involved
and it'll check it officially on
Wednesday because today's Wednesday one
week Wednesday and then the following
Wednesday two weeks it should be done Oh
meal where'd you come from a little
critter you see all those bubbles in
there that's the fermentation it's
starting to release the gases I would
like to add a little bit more headspace
as it ferments and starts to get a
little crazy the brine was coming up the
airlock get business now tell me what
you think I know Neil's big sauerkraut
man himself ferment it's good it's good
right
funky garlicky little caraway when I
came in this morning it overflowed and
this had all liquid in it let's always
put it in a little catch tray all right
so we'll see you on Monday
whoo it's been about two weeks
things have been I've been going let me
just grab it for God's sakes I've been
going you know every other day every day
or so just going back and checking on it
just tamping it back down making sure
everything submerge there's nothing bad
happening no mold or anything if you do
get some mold you can just scoop it off
or start over if you're a scaredy cat
like some of us depending on who you ask
I think this is good I think it's done
I'm gonna start eating it now if you
want to let this keep going you keep it
out you can keep this out at room temp
so what I might do actually is take half
of this pack it into a jar put it in the
fridge and I'll leave half fermenting to
let it go full German kraut
[Music]
very squeaky you hear that it's got a
beautiful kind of very pleasant sour
flavor like I mean I hate to say it
tastes just like sauerkraut
but it is still a little crunchy I like
a little crunch but it could certainly
go longer today I got these really nice
frankfurters that have cheddar cheese in
them from our buddy lives over in
Olympia provisions boom right in there
oh yeah plump dog what's up dog
Eli if you're watching this we need more
hot dogs the gang is going nuts over
those things coming soon we got a little
bit oh no I guess oh it's out right this
is the same sausages or a frankfurters
that we made in this video it's firing a
whole bed Oh Oh God oh no oh no stop any
questions please put them in the comment
section make yourself some kraut have
some fun get yourself some real nice hot
dogs and share it with some friends most
importantly more a perfume in Boogie
Nights
yeah member Mark Wahlberg he might have
been doing more than but he was for like
twenty bucks Mark Wahlberg's in Boogie
Nights right he was a porn star in
Basketball Diaries no he's not
Basketball Diaries you think it of Vince
is he in it Mark Wahlberg noan really
hoping you knew Oh Vinny fighting to
find you there Basketball Diaries is
Mark Wahlberg in it

Title - How To Make Sausage with Brad | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
so see each fire you ready to tango
alrighty so we're down here over in
Portland Oregon we came down for the
feast
we're over here with gold elias from
olympia provisions me and today we're
going to make a little sausage Oh get
out of here with this the USDA making
fun of us oh yeah the US care of the
USDA scared of the
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
just to start off we're gonna tell us a
little bit about what we're gonna be
this will be making a multiplied sausage
so we'll take lean meat and white
protein we're gonna throw it in the bowl
chopper and it creates a - and mine
just like mayonnaise - and mine and then
you throw in fat and that gets particle
eyes and then the leaves fans all these
little fat particles so when you cook it
proteins fine are you when you eat it it
tastes smooth right nice boys that's not
all should be grainy like a lot of those
sausages out there comes one it becomes
one so I just go check this apparatus
out here this so yeah this is that what
I was saying this thing is gonna roll
around those blades get spinning like
crazy we put the meat in make our
emulsification put all the ingredients
in fold in the fat
all right cool so we've got our
ingredients yep and then went over here
we got some spice so yeah this is the
game here but this is stuff right
there's a cultured dextrose we got
yourself some celery salt there
we got garlic and then the seasonings
chili flake cumin coriander we ground
those earlier this is rosemary extract
that we put in water I thought it was
beer we'll get that later and this is
ice dump it in there the whole thing yep
and put that next one in do you see how
good I am at delegating this is the time
I'd like to reflect on that's not too
much huh well this bad boy can handle
we'll see huh that's what we're all
about learning together
Wow man is rightly that huh that's a
beautiful thing man we're gonna turn
that into paste we're gonna turn that
into a move to the Gatien boom science
Vinny so this will give you a nice even
mixture as well
yeah man this machine is cool I gotta
say I could do anything
dump it in dump in
and then I iced rated ice right in here
always cold
turn it down he turns up it's it one hundred fifty
seconds that since we got about we got a
few seconds I heard you mention that
comes in you can already see the colors
changing after you're looking for is
your lean ones here you're starting to
see it stick together start forming
little legs in there between the protein
sounds complicated but it's kind of
literally yeah it's free yeah so it's
amazing when you eat a bad sausage you
see how easy it is if people get up
stove you can manage meat baby that's it
all day let's see why did that right we
can stop now you can see it's nice and
particle eyes yeah most sausage people
do eat it really oh yeah it's pork I'm
gonna kill you tastes like a hot dog hey
something like that get there oh it's so
good texture melty and you're cold it's
actually pretty good yeah you need a lot
of that I don't know if I should I mean
I don't even know if you're gonna die
now so I can't believe you for teasing
yeah all right Roger that here it is thirty
seconds thirty seconds I just mix it now we
gonna empty it
we're never gonna chop the T Oh God Oh
would you look at that good yeah make
sure that falls in the right spot
oh yeah baby like that huh that makes me
feel kind of good that does relieving
man you know who's gonna love this my
mom
ever since I was little she always had
my dad make her cheese hot dog and they
would just split the hot dog and put
some like you know anyone I got a BS
cheese in the Senate or tonight we're
gonna get her some of this yeah
hey that's gonna blow up get this
cleaned real quick kind of reminds me of
remembered ghosts yeah oh yeah you were
making - let me teach you the ways that
trick everybody loves a little Swayze
remember yeah whoopee was in that
Patrick it looked me right have to go
walk away Patrick was the ghost he was
dead yeah everybody was in there by
herself right whoopee I love his another
where the hell's whoopee whoopee
oh she sees Patrick no but that was
whoopee right there he was Pat right
like I was Pat you were a different girl
what yeah buddy
Oh
[Music]
we just got done chopping up all the
meat mixing all the ingredients can you
tell us now what we're going to be doing
with that we're gonna stuff it and what
this is stuffer oh yeah Vinny you
getting that the dumps over here you can
watch it fall in there Vinny just
rewarding so what do you what are these
casing these got hog casings which isn't
a temple yet exactly this is a break
right here set that see where we're at
oh wow it's just oh man when I do this
back home sometimes with friends or with
my dad yeah you got the hands and you
don't have that nice portion control no
it's I'm always ripping them and yeah
but they get out of whack they're too
long you know then you got to go back to
how you used to do it all you know right
just spin in the opposite spin it in
exactly crazy thing is it's not that
hard is it beautiful work you're doing
there all right I see what's going on
see that and this goes right on here
kind of give it to you a little one
finger in between each one there alone
so the smoke get in there yeah hold on
cut cut Vinny all right here we go oh
man he made that look easy
here we go feed it through enough close
it there it is Oh God
look at that no hands right off the bat
I tell you what whoever set up that
machine sweet job
this is oh god stop no do a little cut
here huh yes sir good trim that up in
sausage-making that will happen that
will all right it's inevitable right
forbidding ready for this firing a whole
bed
Oh Oh God oh no oh no stop Wow we've
lost our case in here Vinny I'm gonna
try to troubleshoot it get in there
there we go already Vinny fire at home
fire in the hole Oh sausage slinging
baby
certain things you just can't teach huh
well yeah like today like screwing
things up we're not going to stop all
this sausage because tomorrow night for
a feast Portland little eyes and I we're
gonna be stuffing sauce to drain on
sight grilling them up cooking them so
if you're in the area well actually you
won't see this in time so never mind
Oh fire it all you see they go shooting
out of it Lois why is that lack of
professionalism where's that start is it
sometimes you get a BK thing let me hook
ya yeah a little but you want to keep it
nice okay keep it nice but you're gonna
want to keep it nice it's just like
cooking you know you got to make a
little adjustment so yeah you know you
definitely want to make it nice see we
did there
Bartol we're slinging sausage now you're
back
oh god I got it so you got to find that
sweet spot shut up in oh here you go now
huh
[Music]
[Applause]
so we stuffed them they're all set ready
to go now it's obviously still raw yep
so what you like to do is smoke them yep
and you haven't spinning over there got
those chambers that you got a nice
little blend of woodchips in here
we got a two thirds apple one third Hickory the
Applewood right sweetness and then the
Hickory is uh gives a better color and
also birds good but what's so great
about these is this is truly just a hot
plate nice smoke then in the back it's
got a little fan runs off into Weber yep
and once it's in the chamber and gets
you know distributed over the product by
cool so let's go take a peek in this
chamber let's get a knife so we can eat
something out of it you have a knife
funny I do actually
look at that thing that's a classy
gentleman always there just finished it
up right now
now that's also got everything Hey look
at that huh that beautiful skin totally
got a nice little that smoke kind of
covered it'll close to the legs let's
give it a little cut first oh yeah nice
and juicy chatters bye buddy uh-huh now
when you get these are that package
you're gonna eat them now what's your
preferred method just grow them up if
you're a patient person you can put them
off to the side of integrate you know
indirect heat you just let it up let it
behind us slowly plump up and get crisp
but most people don't do that so they
put them directly on a grill they burst
open the outside burns the best way for
anybody at home I always say bring them
to a simmer in hot water or beer yeah
and then just crisp them up on a grill
so obviously we don't see pigs running
around thank goodness it be weird can
you source report you're looking for a
nice quality pork you probably have good
relationships with your farmers
absolutely and we're only getting better
at it as we keep growing we keep giving
you know we've been able to purchase
more pork and then set better standards
that are also helping the farmers out we
all grow together in Oregon making the
best quality pork and also give it back
to the land so the land I gotta say you
know tip of the sausage do you because I
think it it reflects in the product it
really does yeah I mean if it if it you
can't polish a turd right speaking to
the sausage can't flow in some dirt
there but oh he's right all right so we
just wrapped up over at the sausage
making production facility they got a
little restaurant right down the street
Olimpia provision south east cute little
restaurant forever in town swing by we
got him to cook up some of the stuff
that we made we take a bite of this how
many
great snap great bread you put yourself
a little
well pickled onion on there something
little mustard many of you live in the
dream got that nice little cheese pocket
in there that emulsification that's how
it's got that real nice kind of like
bouncy all uniform texture throughout it
nice amount of smoke on there real good
crispy snappy skin and that all they did
was reheat these get yourself a little
cold beer something like the pills in
there or something real crisp refreshing
and you're doing all right man
bone Appetit anything yeah I get it
Cheers
oh yeah what would you sell you tell me
yeah we are what was your soldier tell
you

Title - Brad Explores an Oyster Farm | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
all right maybe me check that check all
right I'm gonna hit those keep those
marks look at it feels like we're
standing on clay all right okay wear my
sunglasses all right Vince all right all
right so we're up here in Duxbury
Massachusetts Rhode Island Creek oyster
farm kind enough to have sup here show
us their operation from the moment you
know they start farming them to the
second you eat em oysters are should be
very much alive you know we figured that
would be a perfect place to come up here
and learn about oyster farming since we
since we love them so much and yeah take
two so I think this is a take three
start from the beginning
boy stur farming company take five I was
good all right we're gonna be wasted
farmers I didn't like that one bin
champagne and your oysters and that
sucks kind enough nuff me an old Vinny
no-nobody right yeah I thought that
dramatic exit was gonna be
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is this is the lab we need many the
science lab we need alright science
penny oh you know this is Vinny this is
that uh that ecto stuff remember the
higher the the juice boxes the ecto
Slimer juice remember that the hi-c made
it Slimer stuff ghostbusters
I have anywhere around here Island Creek
oyster and we made it into this is what
your hatchery so this is where you take
baby oysters raise them feed them I'm
assuming this is algae you're growing
this is algae so we're you're growing
that and you're feeding the baby oysters
and your mating adult oysters in here
raising them to a point where you can
bring them out into the bay
yeah there's two things we grow in here
it's oysters and oysters food okay
everything you see around us is oyster
food and we've got millions and millions
and millions of baby oysters when they
grow out in here until they're about the
size of a flake of ground pepper okay so
at that point you can hold eight hundred thousand of
them in the in your head in your hands
cupped like that weighs about two pounds
from that point for you flash-forward
eighteen months that same handful will
weigh about two hundred thousand pounds and take up
an entire acre of Duxbury Bay pretty
pretty rapidly so it starts as a larvae
where they were actually a little
swimming oyster critter and then once it
gets it mixes and it gets what we call
on that when it all happens you know in
the sperm it's okay what are we calling
the fertilization that's when it becomes
a seed yeah so once it gets fertilized
then it turns into this free swimming
larva cruising around eating algae and
then after a couple weeks it forms a
shell so then after the hatchery which
are in where do we go next next step in
the process is the up Weller's alright
so they're in natural habitat water but
in a in a unit or something actly
all right well maybe we go check that
out humming Vincenzo what do you think
so they made this little system Vince
where the water comes pumped up from the
bottom so they get a bit constantly in a
flow of water that'll keep them alive
and feeding them right and it allowed
them to grow yep so they're you know
they're feeding off of the abundant
nutrients in the water column here in
the Bay and it allows them to eat to
their heart's content and what we're
doing today is we're they're going to be
going through a great
the groups that have hit the quarter
inch mark out to our nursery system and
the ones that aren't quite there will
come back into our up Weller you got the
bottom yeah we'll start following him
into that there we go
you've got some extras we'll just rinse
them out it's tough right here of any
question million bucks I don't know if
that's true very nice hey Vincenzo is
this your first first boat ride
it's our first boat ride Vinny you want
to hold me over the front we're heading
out to our oyster Plexus you'll see a
bunch of basically floating houses or
all the different farms out here oh that
tumbler looks like you guys are mining
out here so that's our sorter all right
so tanner he's our resident high
schooler all right tanner hey what are
you doing Tanner you got fifteen seconds
Tanner made quick we got we're taking
the seeds with sorting it with these
ones we've gone back in the upwelling
these other ones they're gonna move on
something bigger very cool we made it
I'm gonna get some good shots of before
the before the drought before the tide
of any pay attention but we're working
so get this guy these came rate from
that little the upwelling system we were
out on the docks and how long have they
been out here these guys have been out
here about three weeks about three weeks
oh yeah yeah look how much they grew
there Vinny get in there one for about
I'd say about doubled in size huh yep
all right and what are we doing with
these again all off so these are coming
up to our the nursery system up in the
back River the back river
[Music]
backfired baby
now why why do you want to drop boys but
in a riverbed as you can see the water
is quite murky there's a lot of growth
here in the lot of nutrients warmer
water so you drop them here so the
oysters will essentially grow fat a
little faster but it's one of the
reasons why the island Creek oyster has
that unique flavor profile to it it's
it's the mixture of the estuary water
and the sea water that together gives it
a combination of brine and really nice
earthy flavor to those go all right
that's it when they go to high school
they they're not on the bottom they are
they are Island Creek oysters are bottom
planted how the hell you get them either
by picking or we dredge them so that all
when I go to a restaurant I eat an
island Creek oyster it goes through this
whole stage that we did and they finish
on on the mud bog ah just like mother
nature would intend our aunt Dottie
products are grown in trays what you
guys will see out in a shake wish I'm
low tide
hi guys hello this is Brad and Vince the
crew so they are taking the market size
deutscher that they have dragged up
earlier this morning and they are
sorting them by size and counting them
up five hundred counts these are market size and
these will be bagged up and shipped
Manhattan tomorrow Wow
hey Benny look I found your relatives
crabby bastard trained to do that
so it's a little flat little shy we're
gonna throw that back then a nice cup
okay what about this marriage Andrew
what do you guys do these monstrosity
right down here these are jumbo yeah I
got a little small but a good cop
maybe a little Tommy oh well that's
looking like a Keller all right easy
Vince go flat kind of a little cup maybe
throw it back yeah yeah give a little
time now would you how does that work
with like I know she was filling it
before about breaking off the new
Vince I found another one of your
relatives you know what that is
horseshoe crab yeah pretty stork
sumbitch there you go bud I ain't here
to do no harm
alright be enough with the horseshoe
crabs man come on so remember before of
anything when we came out here it's a
little skiff with Olaf and we pulled
those bags of the seeds out of these
remember this was all underwater and we
actually drove over those cages over
there but God the oyster gods are on our
favor then scrub your camera don't worry
about Vince's camera all right God is
speaking to us Vince look who joined the
party a little Vinny afraid of the rain
so we sorted them all out by size and
these are at the right size where we're
gonna bring them to finish into the into
the Bay waters at two years is when they
pull them and that's when they go right
to the the restaurants in the consumer
following me here then what do you think
man we folds up this whole little video
idea and we just become oyster farmers
up here huh not a bad life duuuh stirs I
mean this might be a stupid question but
you might want to pay attention to
oysters can they move like clams
we're gonna go Vinny did you hear that
about the winter so in the winter they
take every single Easter out of the
water and they put them in the basement
of that house down there go ahead take a
look
they have like a big root cellar and
they can stay out of the water that long
and then come springtime all them go
back out here Vinny oysters that's a new
way of serving an oyster Vinny oyster no
one's doing that yeah that may be the
stupidest thing ever said nasty I stand
here and you're the the founder founder
old order owner man with the plan skip
Bennett from Island Creek oyster when'd
you get started how long you been away
stir-fry I started growing Clarence in
nineteen ninety clam chowder and then they all died
in nineteen ninety five minutes switch noise there's so
many different influences that
create the flavor nuance you know these
are exposed for a long time but they're
also really close to the opening of the
bay here to where pure seawater comes
back so when we started growing them out
here I was sure that these were going to
be super salty and they're not literally
yeah yeah real sweet
they almost have like a crab meat now I
know a lot of in some places they're
using oysters not just to eat they'll
put them in polluted water systems well
they do that in like in New York in the
harbor they're trying to grow some
oysters but even out here they're doing
an ecological service by removing
excessive algebras and they can remove
nitrogen to turn nitrogen back into gas
it's a perfect food oh good googly
moogly reminds me of the time I sold my
fortune five hundred company and now it's just
golf and Rose a hard day or Easter
farmer will have one of the gentlemen
maybe show us how to properly shuck an
oyster Vinny it feels a little weird
don't film this one come on man so what
we like to say about these things is
these oysters take two years to grow
okay it takes two seconds to screw them
up not to jump in front but I see how
you're holding it and you notice I can
oyster usually has a CAC up you're kind
of that's where you're gonna want to put
the cup down yeah if you think about you
you want the cup to hold all the meat
and you definitely want to hold all the
saltwater inside yes part of the
experience right you're getting a little
sip of Duxbury Bay water in New York
City when you're shucking if you hold
the oyster in the palm of your hand you
have the hinge that little pointy part
pointed back at you so what you want to
do is you go into that pointy part right
there the other thing the reason why I
put it in my hand facing away from me
the adductor muscle the little thing
that holds the two shells together is
right there and those are the two key
points you're trying to separate the
hinge is where the two shelves attach to
each other and the muscle is which keeps
the shell attached to the oyster so you
want to go in and like a forty five degree forty five
and the oyster will tell you
yeah you know a good one it just kinda
it's like putting the key that just pops
exactly wants them exactly so what you
do is put it into the hinge and then you
twist back and forth and you wiggle and
when I say twist and wiggle I mean
you're going back and forth like this
and then you're twisting the knife oh I
even wanted the pop oh there you go what
you want to do at this point is you're
gonna twist the knife all the way around
so that's perpendicular to the shell
what you're doing is you're popping that
shell up oh mine broke yours bro user
error you start over you watch this yes
you can do oysters surgery let's do a
stir jack
so you can you gotta cut the muscle out
you do the Philly flip as we call it and
you flip it I just bottom belly is
exposed screwed up what you call it the
Philly flip I think Philadelphia okay
getting back to the your standard shucky
so now we want to remember that muscle
is right there and this is the number
one way people screw it up what you want
to do is you think about it like you're
peeling an apple or a potato or
something you want to grind this knife
right along the top the top of the show
so the goal is that when you take that
top shell off there's no gross meat
dangling off of it so you grind it along
the top like so clean so if it's good
then you got no meat on the on the top
shell there so you might have some
schmutz in here well smoke you just take
your your pinky and kind of clear that
out so now you're looking at it you can
see the muscle and this is another part
people screwed up because what they do
is they go in and try to use like the
sharp blade of the knife to cut away at
the muscle and what you end up with is
scrambled oyster so what you want to do
here is instead of using the blade of
the knife again you're taking it you're
putting the knife kind of on the shell
and you're just clearing it away I'll
just kind of scrape them just like
you're peeling a potato so that way the
blade isn't going into your oyster
exactly because if you do the blade
you're gonna cut through the meat of the
oyster I've been doing it wrong the
whole time vincenzo there you go this is
the first day of the rest of your life
yeah
there you have it you clear it away and
then you savor it Cheers
cheers buddy that's how you shuck an
oyster VIN pretty sure I can eat about
four dozen of those absolutely
yeah that's good enough we're starting
we're trying to be quiet no we're done
one of the main kind of folder
differentiators with oysters is the
texture right so you got an oyster with
a healthy oyster is a nice toothy bite
plump Bobby it's got a nice plump but is
not like you know chewing on a flat
water that's why you'd want to screw it
up
this is why this is
alright guys there you have it we
learned all about oyster farming takes
two years to grow them as you saw it's a
lot of work they're kind of high
maintenance you know kind of a little
needy
thanks Island Creek oyster for showing
us how they do it boy stirs I mean no
brainer cleaning the water clean protein
for you just win-win situation so buy
some oysters learn about farming I'm
gonna work on a farm do whatever you
want to do get out there get dirty and
get involved in your food huh bone
Appetit
not a bad day at the office you know
what I always wanted to do Vinny he goes
guys my whole life Vinny my whole life I
want I wanted to do rulling to be a
rower I always wanted to do growing that
hoo-hoo-hoo going fast working together
cutting through the water yeah I want to
be a row of in Hazzard they push with
their legs right say who knows the other
way so you push and then you you pull so
it's like whoo right
[Laughter]

Title - Brad Makes Crunchy Half-Sour Pickles | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
today Vinny we're gonna be making one
of my favorites a half sour pickle we
would be doing this in a field then he
picture the cucumber vines growing
around me
oh not around me better you know in the
background
Hawks buzzin rabbits hopping okay
[Music]
some people like the full sour but for
me it's a little - I like it a little
too mushy the full sour for me a pickle
should be bright in color a nice crisp
to it so I picked up these little
Kirby's little cuties here I gave him a
little wash but water and that's about
it basically what we're doing is we're
making a saltwater brine and then we're
gonna add some spices garlic I like to
have a little bit dill and then it's
real simple you just put the cucumber's
in put the old lid on and then pop it in
I put it in the fridge for about ten days
that's it and you end up getting just a
perfect perfect pickle
check this out finding this is it's got
science written all over it but I got my
little project book so for pickles I got
this on the old Internet and it's just a
saltwater brine the percentages so I'm
gonna go with three and a half percent and two quarts so we're
gonna need sixty six grams of salt we'll pop
that right on there here Vinny I'll
turn this around for the sake of
television so we're gonna save any sixty six
right grams that is okay top top top sixty
sixty seven and then I'm just gonna add the water
I use is like room temp you know just
going to dissolve the salt so now I'm
just gonna get that a little a little a
little shake okay okay
[Music]
all right so what I'm gonna do next is
I'm gonna add all my spices like I got
some real good garlic from the from the
farmers market
I could give it a little crush we
explained that in that one and I think
we put that into that honey garlic honey
episode but with garlic when you crush
it it's kind of like a two-part epoxy
you know it's like a two-part glue or
epoxy you crush the cell when something
is crushing the cell walls and it makes
a thing called allicin so it starts to
make the Alison and that's like they
were super what's really good for you in
garlic then the Alison is what it's
really really good for you in garlic I
believe I believe but we I think we
talked about that in a different episode
so I give it a little crush in just a
little slice each op and that can go
right into the brine thanks grace and
then next we'll add celery seed you know
you have to go measure and just uh I do
it by how I you know I'm feeling it out
you know a little celery here we got a
little dill seed just a little bit and
there's little stuff called fennel
pollen it's kind of expensive but you
know it goes a long way little dab'll do
ya and we'll just do a little pinch of
that in there your night huh and then
also I'm not gonna do it just why maybe
I do a pinch what the hell all right
that's right it is this is a dill pollen
little pinch of that in there okay and
then I like to put just a little bit of
dill fresh dill in it and what I like to
do a little wild card here Vincenzo is I
got some of these little cherry peppers
okay I don't want to spicy I'm just
gonna cut out that top green there and
you know whatever kind of pepper you
want
yeah that's optional if you don't want
to go spicy and then don't do it what's
that look like me looks like a brain or
walnut
yeah great story Matt what's that stuff
in peppers that's hot
kickass kiyose well Claire the stuff in
peppers that's hot how do you say that
kick at capsaicin thanks Claire
she's a little half sour ourselves
perhaps oh my god Claire it's perfect
half salad Claire oh my god perfect
Claire half sour Savitz this is how
things happen organically all right be
pay attention so just gonna slice these
thin here throw that on your sandwich
with the pickled she zoom right in yes
should we grab a couple rows yeah
if any hold up your pack are you come
with me bud mmm little crepe cake oh
Claire what are you doing oh all right
all right just gonna throw a few in
there like so or see wells orson welles
okay what's Orson Welles Citizen Kane of
the movie Citizen Kane isn't Citizen
Kane a movie it's focused around
rosebuds sounds great
[Music]
thanks man all right now we're just
gonna throw the cucumbers into the bride
okay I'm gonna push him bad boys down a
little and that's it bud look I'll throw
the lid on this a little shake for good
measure of in get all that garlic into
that but oh you know what I forgot this
silly me
is the do a little mustard seed in there
and I read somewhere you can to help
them keep crunchy and firm people throw
like oak leaves in there and stuff all
right here mustard seeds too can act
that way not quite sure why but I'm sure
Google could tell you Oh
highest proof oh you know what maybe
I'll have a couple black peppercorns
then all right boom we'll pop this in
the fridge for ten days
I like to go in to the fridge about
every day I like good every day because
it's fun and just give it the old turn
around you know the old who just to get
things mixed up in nice to make sure
everything's getting all happy in there
takes note one thing's called snow
globes pickle pickle snow half sour
Brad I mean there's probably
four-year-olds I can write back all
right let's go
oh I've been perfect brought to you by
something oh these are some old ones
kind of sad situation we're gonna finish
these up today but these are been in
here for over a month
certainly still very well I mean I have
lots of crunch to them big flavor
seasoned all the way through me come
back in ten days I'm going on vacation
so see you later oh hello rapper you
like pickles this is not sweet half sour
dill garlic looks like it's got a nice
green color yep get in there Vinny so
this is ten days cold Brian
[Music]
hmm nice it's a good Shamu football good
crunch ready to crunch you come berry
but still infuse the flavor well very
well seasoned yeah are like a hammer
cheese sandwich now and then would be
all good I knew I liked you
check this out any really really
penetrated into that part of the
cucumber and will cut one open yeah you
can almost see where the shade starts to
get a little darker in there and that's
just the brine over time starts to
saturate it which is nice as long as it
retains its nap oh yeah that's now you
pick that up Vinny
so yeah mix it up a little ham dough
sandwich and be letting you know it show
up to a party everyone's bringing you
know they got the hamburgers you show up
with some homemade half sours you know
Oh Andy what's up bud yeah here speaking
to the microphone have one yeah
Vinny can't get his equipment together
huh you don't feel so good great too
salty I'm right there right there it
does at the end you get up it but that's
personal preference but the overall
crunch texture boom
so yeah but pop that back in the fridge
and got yourself a little half sour
there I think ten days has been you can
start to eat them but I think you got a
solid month in the fridge before you
start to lose some of that crunchiness
that shouldn't last you a month you know
I can eat a couple of those a day no
problem yeah it's perfect then put them
in whatever you want you know just go
great with little bit like a little tuna
melt who doesn't love a tuna melt I do
let us know if eyes anything you'd like
to see me enroll Vincenzo here for men
put it in the old comment section well
uh we'll try to crank away and do one of
those bon appetit Minnie OH
vacation was great Vinny best lobsters I
ever had and then we had steamers and
and the beach of any grass is blowing in
the background you know what else you
wanted a life yeah a couple million
bucks Bugatti well we got to wrap this
up but today what's today the Torah the
twenty first we got that big old soul America
solar eclipse today
total eclipse many we're not gonna see
the totem we'll see a partial or
whatever the call on it that's happening
pretty soon maybe we should probably
wrap this up bring our pickles
downstairs and we can go check out so
you know the Earth's gonna get weird
vampires gonna come out and it gives the
we got pickles
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Mistakes | It's Alive Camping Outtakes | Bon Appetit
we're not live here baby we have the
option to edit that thank God
[Music]
nowadays these things are pretty
straightforward it's usually just a
couple hey I'm Brad Leonie another
useful tool the hatchet that sucks
another useful tool to have in the woods
patent-pending what's that all about
boys better get on that but I were like
gods out here Betty creating life oh the
reason why my little favorite storm
stabs dog the six-year vinegar of uh Oh
God you know you're gonna drink beers
you better not be throwing them in the
woods I find you you end up on the grill
baby I'm just joking yeah but I'm a
professional
Vinny where the hell are we in New York
Connecticut or something oh geez oh I
broke the bucket Vinny hope this works
it didn't work buh-buh-buh did the tooth
oh my butt's getting a little warm
Vinny but I tell you what I ain't
wearing I ain't wearing no damn goggles
in the woods Vinny oh god smoke I don't
think so pal my eyes you kiddin me oh I
can't see
yeah there are no tapes it's called
suffrage baby what the hell you doing up
there Vinny haven't you learned anything
you get hurt it's far away from help but
you know it's great about getting hurt
out in the woods when you have a Yeti
they say you want to put it you know if
you cut off your Oh cut your finger off
throw it in the Yeti head down to town
get that baby stitched on ya freakin eat
birds then he know it's good bird
watchings great where's my binoculars
Vinny gotcha babe creeps oh look at that
tree Oh Vinny look like an old maple
someone cut oh it's everywhere
oh boy it's amazing well maybe we should
maybe maybe I shouldn't say this but
like you know sometimes you ever just
drive and like you're paying attention
you're driving I'm never I never like
I'm not crashing the car nothing but
like you almost like I don't wanna say
blackout cause I'm very I'm not sleeping
but like I yeah you start driving for a
couple hours and all of a sudden you're
like I don't know what the hell I did oh
man pretty sure that's a serial killer
stick-up train tracks no hands no feet
I got hot air on my hands cool breeze on
my face
oh you worried about no hands on the
wheel don't worry dude I'm certified up
to two hundred miles an hour driving with the
hand I can go in circles is turns
forever I got to kill um I cheated well
it's great about charcoal factory if you
cut yourself and grab one of these nice
ripping hot charcoals take a little swig
of that Brown from last night
just brown it off man I'm just joking do
not burn your finger turbo advice let me
cut that maybe I don't need a lawsuit
alright
oh why when you had this fire has kind
of got me in the put me in a dark place
thinking about mortality
I love nature Ben
well I think we're here sure beats yeah
well you know that's not true
well of where we work you know I do
I mean what's better in nature but look
at the smoke going through the trees
okay and the way the light goes to the
tops of the oak trees there you know
it's art pity you know my favorite
artist is Benny mother nature so I were
here visiting an old friend old mother
nature burn baby like Hendrix you know
bring that up from the dead
[Music]
oh hey were you doing any foam Benny oh
you got a text message Vinny real cute
all right sweat and passion over here
you checking text messages do we have to
do the tenth so I got this this tenth from
a friend
polar I know that it's all about I've
never set this up so you know this would
be fun for everyone nowadays these
things are pretty straightforward it's
usually just a cup of pull Jesus Christ
and then take that throw over your
shoulder for now okay I see what's going
on Oh
setting up tents up but you want to do
this before it gets dark that's for damn
sure
oh Jesus baby I mean come on bug are you
kidding me I'm not doing hey I'm not
doing it I never seen such thing like
damn like me yeah good job polar
No all right I like the cook don't like
setting up tents any nice especially
tents in our mine all right do this this
is funny but Oh Fanny oh yeah I got a
can for you Brad really easy to set up
to build a freaking house by now look at
this freaking thing it's probably pretty
good what's up no no no it's not pretty
much built Vinny flip it on there's an
instruction in schools this is
you've done this before Vinny well let's
put on a camera helmet no no I'm doing
real good way to get me aggravated hope
that's what you're going for because
it's working
we'll see a little trial and error waste
of time
this ain't right Vinny what the hell is
this gonna work oh I see
all right maybe it's not I gave right
you fire it up you know I can't
emotionally
all right polar maybe all you know we'll
see oh I see if we get strong wind I'm
gonna go freakin flying in this thing
like what was that lady with the freakin
tornado
she got a murdered tornado movie Vinny
Wizard of Oz end up freaking Wonderland
there whatever the hell that wasn't so
bad you know
part of it is you gotta get a little
pissed off you got a curse you got
kicked around all right
that's frigging thing okay in this thing
oh I got a door okay maybe I'll throw a
couple steaks in fires looking good
burning down let's check out the fire
real quick take a break from this thing
that's it buddy okay let's go let's go
kanoon let's go noodling this is either
gonna be great or terrible husband
I know
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Campfire Ribs | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
hey guys today we're gonna be cooking
some st louis-cut pork ribs I got a
marinating with a little spice creation
and we're gonna throw them on a campfire
here and I'll show you a cool little
takeaway for using your empty cooler
[Music]
so yeah I got myself set up on a nice
little three-part fire here so we got
our little fire in the back that's
produced in charcoal for us to feed into
these two chambers I got these grates
about anywhere from like ten to twelve inches
off the coal we just want to gradually
pick up some nice color start to cook
these through a little bit and then I'm
gonna make this little sauce that we're
gonna baste on and keep turning and
build like a nice shellac from there
wrap them in foil and then in the cooler
they go we also got some corn on the cob
that we're going to char up with the
husks on see what's great about a good
cooler it's just an insulated box
designed to retain that cold temperature
it works the same way if we're if you
put hot things in there it's going to
keep it hot the same way like a thermos
works for cooking for Karthi the coffee
is my favorite way to cook ribs one of
my favorite ways is you grill them real
nice and then rattmann foil and put them
in the oven for a couple hours and they
come out perfect so we're kind of gonna
turn it into like a low temp oven miss
this little setup when we leave any have
a cool little kitchen but wear your
gloves
Eirene get that Corcoran we'll get that
corn on the cob going I love cooking
corn on the cob like this you know I
don't I don't peel it you know or
whatever you call that what do you call
that what do you do it Tuscan corn like
corn Huskers from Nebraska keep them
right in here and just put this right
over the the cooking surface if you're
tight for space sometimes I trim that
off so just keep turning them let them
get all charred up on the outside the
inside when you're done they comes out
perfect nice and sweet tender kind of
steams within the husks so when you're
working on a system like this over coals
you'll start to notice little patterns I
mean you can adjust if I put dragon
coals or certain areas you find your hot
spots you know I've see if this one's
picking up a lot of color this one's not
you know switch them in and out you just
got to keep an eye on it and just kind
of work the grill so now there's a
little bit of a dry rub on it next part
we're gonna do we're gonna build a
little sauce that we're going to brush
on the old ribs they're just whatever
wherever you're into some kind of just
stubs appropriate stubs legendary
barbecue sauce and then I'll put a pinch
of this stuff in this is our the dry rub
that we've rubbed
down with well had a healthy amount of
that olive oil only the good stuff
Google fashioned Budweiser oh yeah pour
some of that right in there
yeah save a little swig for yourself and
yeah we'll just mix that up you want it
kind of loose but you're also kind of on
it a little thick you know you don't
want to just run right off and that's it
that's all mixed up ready to go oh yeah
all right let's go get a basin we'll get
that going and we'll just start mopping
it on you just want to brush it on nice
you don't want to go crazy heavy so it
all trips into the fire
I mean somes gonna oh you're just really
we're gonna do this like fifteen times on
each side so it's you brush them on and
then you flip and let it kind of bake on
now this part you really don't want to
walk away from too much because the
barbecue sauce will start to burn a
little bit if you just let it go as soon
as I flip it I start to apply the next
batch the sauce is starting to just like
bake on it and become like its own
little you know it's crusted up it's
bacon I like the word shellac it just
starts to build layers of caramelized
basting sauce meanwhile we're turning
our corn every so you wanted to get all
charred up in there don't worry about
the husk the kernels are they're not
gonna really any color on they're just
gonna be perfect
all right let's assemble the googly Nia
this is how this is how it comes
together all right we're knows one of
them stupid-looking winter hats watch a
big puffy palm ball on top no no no we
don't roll that way
no I can't say that
all right reckon we're almost ready to
get them in foil oh you didn't bring an
industrial you know camping I think one
of the best tools you can bring if it's
a - oh yeah sure it's a tool it's tin
foil you can make a lid you can make
whatever we're gonna use them to wrap up
these ribs lock in heat lock in the
moisture and let them steam in here hold
on hello what's up hat look a bit oh
good
yeah I like to do a nice little double
wrap cuz you really want to make sure
all the the heat and the moisture gets
locked in there you know might seem like
overkill but trust me it's not so we're
gonna take those and throw them right
back on there and just let them get nice
and hot inside the foil we cooked them I
mean technically you could eat these
ribs right now you know you would just
be Herman or chewing them off the bone
like a dog but now what we're trying to
achieve is connective tissue and some of
the tougher you know fibers start to
break down and I think that happens and
in most meats around one hundred sixty one hundred sixty something
like that one hundred sixty something like that like
that so by wrapping them in the foil
getting them hot in here throwing them
in the cooler they carry over their heat
and they actually continue to cook as if
this were acting kind of like an oven
that color on the core and that's what
you're looking for that's I mean you can
even go harder I think it can really
take a hammering you want to do a good
ten minutes like this so crucial
don't just wrap them and put them in
there it'll be a better product when
you're done if you let them spend a
little bit of time on the on the fire in
in the foil I'm gonna go ahead and throw
the corn right in the cooler and then
real quick we're gonna just stack the
ribs right on top and again the more
things you add here the more heat to
trap the better the pose that baby
immediately a little latch Oh on there
alright there's our little campfire oven
all right if you wanted to you could
throw a little locks on here
boom no one's getting in not Vinny not
Smokey the Bear nobody so we'll go ahead
and put that right over here we're gonna
go take a little walk come back and say
two hours all right let me get my
fucking spirit back here this here huh
it's been a day look at that steaming
baby oh yeah oh they're ripping hot grab
one of them there here's the corn close
the door to the oven alright let's open
peel this baby up mine the finger the
the old glove here you know he
distracted me I'm cutting up potatoes
with the mandolin then he starts talking
about freaking bow hunting then go oh I
can shoot a bow whoo-hoo I can also cut
my finger off thanks VIN oh yeah oh yeah
ripping hot who's hot hot to touch oh
yeah yeah the meat is kind of coming
it's right there man it's perfect
well-seasoned all the way through that
dry rub really penetrates it the meats
tender as can be I don't need them to be
pulling the bone out because then you're
just eating like this bit it's delicious
I mean I'm not complaining I like eating
it off the bone you know that's part of
like the rib the rib things let's see
what the corn looks like oh yeah still
hot man you can't beat that oh yeah
sweet not mushy so what I like about
cooking corn in the husk just stays nice
and crisp and poppy but cooked all the
way through super sweet super sweet bone
Appetit I don't know what to say you
know what's that when you're at a party
or a dinner and no one's talking what's
that mean foods really good right corner
table freakin ribs might as well be
sitting in some barbecue joint oh no no
we're in the woods Vinny there you go
man push yourself get out there in the
woods and cook some different foods and
hopefully you can try this technique let
us know how it goes and yeah get in the
woods enjoy it cook nothing really good
ma'am
I feel like a bird of paradise you know
they do that nutty they're going around
there like throw rocks in the air
build like little weird little
structures or like woo a female Vinny
I'm just look I got built I built this
baby are you impressed you want to mate
for life got these new glasses over at
Rite Aid mmm you know a twenty bucks man
I got ripped off but I they made me sign
up for you know you got to become a
member and then you can buy one get one
free but only if you give me your phone
number and you know date of birth and
the birth certificate of your first
freaking child then you can get in the
Rite Aid Club Joe gave a bunch of false
information suckers I feel that's to
brew stop the car real quick yeah I love
Subaru man you know all-wheel drive
reliable hey I'm Brad Leone I don't
always drive but when I do I trust
subaru subaru get out there enjoy the
wilderness
no but really give me a car do we have
to do the tent nowadays these things are
pretty straightforward it's usually just
a couple pull oh Jesus Vinny I mean come
on bud this is funny but

Title - Brad Makes Campfire Breakfast | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
I know a guy cut his thumb off doing
this not to go jinx in myself
[Music]
Oh Benny Sleeping Beauty welcome to the
party babe don't worry I got breakfast
going you know spoiled you rotten Vinny
we got our percolator coffee pre-ground
coffee brought it with us because we're
smart and then yeah I got my little
setup again my little three burner you
know a two burner but three zone
everyone learn more about that little
three-part fire that I invented you can
are there's another video you can check
it out right here yeah hi rendering down
a little fake in here Benny and then
we'll add I got some sweet potatoes and
baby Yukon Gold potatoes speaking of
which Vinny before you joined I got a
little little boo-boo I'd cut one of my
fingers cutting them potatoes what's all
setup it's clean you know a good tip
bring first aid kit
hey guys I'm Brad Leonie and even I
bleed
that's why you gotta bring first-aid get
into the woods with you no dude no so
look I prep this all up for us already
add some onions sweat them out like that
man
that makes me happy then looks like our
coffees getting there nice I'm dying for
a cup of coffee been a cup of coffee in
a nice shower maybe we'll find a little
river these are the guys that got me but
but boy was it worth it uh-oh it looks
like my fingertip you can see my fat is
dripping down that way
so I'm gonna add the potatoes down there
and let them pick up some color and that
that's saucer bacon fat
we're just let those cook for a little
bit you slay some about you know what an
eighth inch thick so you know they won't
take too too long to cook you know I
mean fiddle around with the fire you
even get a little more heat straight
from the charcoal factory Oh hot baby
sweat maybe you should just want to wash
it oh in to a bagel store you know next
time we come out of here Vinny very
getting a nice piece of half-inch steel
tack weld that right on and then we can
have an extender you can go right in
there whoo-hoo make a pizza oven you
livin you learn you know that's what's
beauty about this stuff every time you
come out you'll learn a little bit
something you could tweak you know first
time I came out cooking the woods
didn't look like that so we got this
nice little sausage wheel pork sausage
all right nice we're gonna put this in
the old cast-iron when I'm at a Laurel
just to get things nice a little spin
though get that all mixed up yeah well
let that Brown up it's got a little
cheese in the sauce if any you're
looking at your phone guys texting Oh
being coffee's ready bud have a little
have a cup of joe
I will rubber wait Benny you're getting
the blue one not bad Vinny Stumptown
baby ah Stumptown coffee there's one
things you know and yeah when you work
hard for something it's always a little
better right
like if you're out in the woods all day
cooking and then you come back home and
take a shower it's like oh I was such a
good shower cuz you earned it Vinny
let's put that over the heat a little
bit yeah we don't need this cast iron
see it babe yeah I got a lot of cast
irons here what's it to you as you can
see this isn't exactly you know the
ultra wait you know backpacking gear but
that's not what we're doing you know
we're out here just cooking food in the
woods picking up some Collard potatoes
are probably just about done and I like
to sweet potatoes man underrated I don't
know if they really are I think everyone
likes sweet potatoes suits Vinny now I
went and cut off my seasoning finger so
we're gonna go lefty make it rain
seasoning a little unstitch to season
everything season you a Vinny oh look
what I found from our last little visit
Vinny a little crustacean friends he
liked it so much he stuck around huh
you know we come back here a few more
times we'll start to decorate the place
a little bit people stumble across back
here I wanted to make it look like
someone's living here you know let's get
weird now maybe make sure you get a
great shot of my hat look I got a little
green garlic let's start sweating that
out in there it was a decent amount of
bacon fat in there that's a good fat
barrier for the eggs won't be all nasty
sticky I don't think that don't take
long you know everyone knows that cook
an egg well you'd be surprised
we'll make little dimples okay like kind
of like a baked egg thing you can find
recipes for baked eggs on bone Appetit
calm and then we'll heat up on our
English muffins
let's turn into a feast this is sweet
and I'm all how I'm happy right here
yeah let's get a little way go under
that's losses a great word Wingo
I think that means fire right sounds
like a song by what was that dude that
that the pit bull or something way go
sir getting a little bored up here in
the woods you started talking about
things you know hanging out with
freaking Vinny all day I've talked to a
tree
no offense video love you you got these
stone fruits apricots peaches plums just
do have them pitted them gonna do a
little drizzle drizzle it's Molly yeah
yeah toss you toss huh
let me a looks good right there call it
a dish no look little pinch of salt in
there we'll see how this goes it'll work
small in batches in case it starts going
a little wild on us who English muffinz
some people call them Engel muffins I
think in England they just call them
muffins that might not be true you know
I usually when you toast an English
muffin I get it you gotta learn little
nooks and crannies I like just treating
it like a little bun I might not even
cut this bad boy open I think I'm just
gonna rip it and just at the top you
know put these right over here just let
them get a little toasty now these I
just want to put a little color on there
the natural sugars in them just
caramelize a little I'm only gonna cook
one side and then right when we eat them
I got some real nice Greek yogurt we'll
do just a little smear of the Greek
yogurt in the pit hole it will call that
a little breakfast dessert let me crack
the eggs Vinny we're just gonna make a
little dimple you want them in the air
but not crazy in the air you check our
peaches whoa dad nothing you know it's
got its own sugars it's just a nice
little I mean fruits delicious that's no
so good we'll keep this right over here
in the cool spot just let that kind of
you know the residual heat from them
will just kind of make them a little
nice I didn't want to cook them to mush
I want them to hold their shape and we
can just bite them let them cool down a
little let's see how it goes it's just a
little bit this will add just a little
creamy tangy nough stew it maybe just a
little sprinkle soft again a little bit
more of that crushed red pepper flake
and this stuff is nice because it just
bleeds into it it's not super spicy but
it's got big flavor all right let's go
check on the eggs that's not look
too bad yeah that's just about done a
little parsley to the party
black pepper well custom spice blend
when I go camp into cooking and stuff I
just like to make little custom blends
of spices you know that you can use on
several things you know that you can are
very versatile you know cuz you can't go
bringing everything I mean we tried boy
it looks like breakfast with me huh
gonna make myself a little plate a
little Scooby scoop mmm I pay for work
I'm saying that a lot lately
alright not a bad little plate for a
little woods huh got a fruit we got our
little crusted up cheesy sausage and we
got our nice little egg hash look the
yolk still runny just like you know what
this is all about is uh you got just up
your camping game anyone can just crack
an egg and make a couple strips of bacon
or something but we got a whole meal
here man let me try that fruit looks
good huh hey zoom in make sure you get
my nice finger a little mixed sweet
potato regular potato green garlic Hoshi
thing I got nothing to say it's
delicious but I have tea
I mean breakfast is good at home you
know it was one of those dreams it was
awesome but I you know I wake up now I
don't remember what it was something to
do I was in a car in like this country
but I don't know where it was wasn't
where wasn't the United States like
random people you know pop up and stuff
there's like what are you doing here why
are you here - I don't even talk to you
fancy cars there was a castle I don't
have a castle that's why I love dreams
you know worried about my dreams how you
stay out of my head

Title - Brad Makes Campfire Seafood | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
Vinny you hear that nothing just
sizzling shrimp
[Music]
mimimi
all right set up here in the woods we
got our multi zone fire all dialed in
ready to go if you guys want to learn
more about how to make that incredible
multi zone backwoods fire tune in do we
have another way no no no no check out
just say that check out a previous
episode we did about that check this out
we got a nice little thing going all
right set up my little work area we're
gonna make a little dinner back here
got this pretty sweet cooler and it
really allows me to bring other types of
foods into the woods other than just the
usual stuff you know hamburgers and hot
dogs you know say no baseball game so
what we packed up in here check this out
VIN and get in here so we got some
oysters patagonian wild red shrimp very
nice we've got some langoustines all the
way from friends down in New Zealand and
then I got some salmon collars that I'm
soaking in a little soy sauce bear with
the bag they're gonna get real pretty on
the grill first fish we're gonna do
salmon collars put those right over
there let them smoke let them cook a
little just skin side down first I got
the shell on shrimp so yeah we're just
gonna throw these right on the grill now
I'm not gonna clean them or nothing just
throw them right on cook them through
but now I'm not crazy and then I'll put
them in the cast iron over there we're
just hanging out put a little butter in
it some spices and we'll do like a
little spicy kind of buttery shrimp
thing I mean how bad could that be he's
gonna want to flip these little these
little bugs up real nice little shrimp I
just wanted to get a little smoke a
little char on to the skin so as they
start to you know the ones in the hotter
spots I can just put right back into
here you know I need to invent something
for smoke in your eyes you know how are
you doing over there Vinny oh yeah then
maybe they call that goggles now the
thing how here's a good little little
tip hot when you're cooking fish if the
skin doesn't want to release weight it
will when it's ready this one's starting
to move around look at the color on that
huh
and what's nice about the collars is
that they're relatively cheap as they're
getting more popular they they seem to
be getting a little more expensive their
fatty they're delicious
but they're also kind of tough you know
it's not like a big floppy flakies filet
we called the collar because that guess
that you know the collar
it's like right behind the head before
the fillet that little chunk there where
that little fin is the fan well what's
fin then fish have several fin they got
these fin I think they call them the
pectoral fins and then they got I think
the dorsal okay different species have
all different kinds of ends Vinny this
that's a different television show right
much they understand understand topic
don't really need to too much put a
little bit of lemon in there let that
get a little color all right I got a
little bit of spice so custom blend here
I'm just gonna let that heat up and then
I'll put it off to the side again I'm
gonna have a little bit of butter to
these shrimp let that melt start getting
nice a little bit paper
I got a mixture here it's like a little
little riff on like Old Bay now you got
another little thing here it's kind of
like a leper but it's called it's like a
morass but beer you know the salmon
collars you can tell when they're done
you start probing around when the meat
goes from that leg almost very glossy
deep almost red orange to that more
opaque
you know lighter pink the fish is done
and the collars can really take a
hammering of heating there so fatty it's
almost like you want to cook them pretty
hard
the shrimp shrimp cook pretty fast
anyway the best way to check is to take
one out cut it open the shrimp should be
white all the way through not too like
that translucent raw kind of shrimp
looking I mean again this isn't theirs
these are references these are ideas
that hopefully you guys can find some
inspiration on get out in the woods and
cook for yourself it's not like Oh cook
this shrimp for fifteen minutes because your
fire is gonna be a little different your
hot spot might be a little colder than
mine Yatta Yatta Yatta so it's like a
you know you guys know what to do just
do it not just because I'm sitting on a
Yeti cooler but uh IRA tell you what it
was a pretty surprised on how well I
mean those fish were were ice cold you
know we're not twenty-five miles off the
in the Appalachian Trail slepping all
the you know cast-iron and stuff like
that so you know save your comments
alright we're you know we walked in
about fifteen minutes
I just want to get into the woods and
get out of the kitchen and just try
different things
look at those shrimp that's a beautiful
thing so the shrimp are pretty much done
you know let them hang out let's try
this bad boy out I've never cooked these
in the woods it's pretty much I think I
mean you can eat the claw but I think
it's all about that tail baby so let's
try to get that a little little chat up
then we'll flip them around get those
claws of cooking I want to finish him in
the potatoes yeah langoustines very
similar it's almost a little mix between
like a giant shrimp and a lobster I've
been wrong before
maybe we should google that one whoa no
huh don't use your tongs here bonehead
lemon squeezy squeeze so we just melted
some butter in there I put a little bit
of that Old Bay riff on there and some
scallions and a little bit of green
garlic in there too that'll be a nice
little sauce for the Lang goes for the
shrimp or whatever you want you know all
right we got some nice juices coming out
of the heads of these langostinos are
starting to happen pretty good tails
starting to curl little usually it kind
of cooks like a small lobster so I'm
just gonna place them oh alright for me
like a perfect grilled oyster is like
seventy percent raw so like the outside gets a
little color doesn't look raw it looks
cooked but in the inside when you eat it
it's just piled little ocean popper man
ooh
ocean popper Vinny no cut don't fill
this so you guys haven't learned
anything you want meeting that film son
you certainly don't say Vinny don't film
this so you got your flat side and then
you got the cup outside so I like to
take the cup side down and as they get
hot they'll start to pop open a little
oasis like I said they really depend on
the size cook times go and how you like
them because you can just eat these raw
so let's face it it really comes down to
personal preference as soon as they
start to pop open is what I like to eat
them soon as they open up all right you
just put them on a little plate let them
cool off a little oh this is it babe so
it's got that little inductor on top I
like to cook oh yeah
look at that bud like I said cooked on
the outside a little but you could tell
that's raw on the inside sill ooh boom a
little appetizer everything else is done
we're good to eat no meaty man look at
that
cooked all the way through oh that's
good ma'am
I'm not just saying that that's good Oh
get some more oh that was God that
shrimp there oh look I'm gonna peel oh
god yeah oh yeah we're gonna have any
huh you know that buttery salmon oh good
god tell me you don't like salmon I'll
tell you try caller perfect fatty it's
almost like it's almost like salmon
belly oh it's delicious
let's try Lango Oh God Oh looks like
crabmeat right in the old butter sauce
huh that was awesome
the tail doesn't want to come off that
means it's not cooked and a great way to
open these bad boys up similar to a
lobster tail just crack them with your
in your hand like that push those little
spikes in oh jeez and there's how God
maybe you don't do that oh that was good
Vinny
all right what I'm gonna do here take my
long time do the old long stretch I'm
gonna pull that little heat element out
now cuz we're done cooking
we have enough little coals under there
just to keep our food hot all right we
could all gather around the campfire me
and all my friends so you stumble across
someone in the back of the woods here
cooking man that smells a little funny
hon I don't smell like hot dogs
hamburgers little bratwurst
hey all great all fun but look at that
spread middle of nowhere with the very
cooler do you bring anything in the
woods brought Vinny man I tell you what
I wish I had this at my house it's fun
to cook on so
a lot of work but as soon as you get a
little system down like so you can
really just start to have fun and play
around and start cooking with different
ingredients and I mean I don't know
don't get too much cooler than sitting
around a fire next to some mossy
mountain here eating langoustines and
salmon collars and some some pretty
gnarly looking shrimp bone Appetit baby
oh the Bears worried about bears yeah
well we clean up real well you know
we'll get a big fire going later any
seafood trash and we'll bring our cart
we can you know if you have garbage you
can put it up in a tree or you can hike
it out but um we should be fine you know
hope so
no a Vinny I ain't noodling man you know
I'll do a lot of things but I ain't
noodling for fish okay bring my own
seafood pal all right
noodle and that's how I go noodle end up
sticking my hand in one em holes pulling
out snapping turtle missing about three
fingers all right I'm good freakin new
one you going noodle and then and take
so bud but I want to fly me down
somewhere go noodle more than boys knows
what they're doing
guess I'll do it stick my hand right in
there
oh Jesus Vinny did you do that no no I
don't know if I have a corkscrew
[Music]
I don't care of any didn't cut my leg
off
urgent care well we got this nice tape
don't worry about that Benny
everything's good babe just don't look
at it don't look at me then

Title - Brad Grills Steak on a Campfire | It's Alive with Brad | Bon Appetit
do these guys today on it's alive we're
gonna do a little special edition out of
the kitchen where I mean ol Vinny we
went upstate it's camping mana nice
little multi zone fire cooking in the
woods baby perfect for cooking on and we
cook some cool stuff other than
hamburgers and shmores well you're that
I were in the woods play - this probably
cost you twenty two dollars
hope you brought your wallet Ben so uh
let's go real man down I'm gonna get
fired
[Music]
Oh any Pope any look who showed up but
don't worry got all the hard work done
already gathered these rocks here for
the fire pit got somebody's heart we've
already split up I hiked it in you know
we're not that far in the woods we come
up here for the you know further for the
night for the day you take a couple
trips a couple loads you know no one
said it was gonna be easy Vinny and
what we're gonna do we're going to set
up a little oh here let me put my beard
now
I picked this spot cuz it's got an
excellent beer holders so what we have
here Vinny I'm gonna start a fire back
here
let it burn down because we don't want
to cook over to the direct flames we
want to just cook over the coals so uh
and then this will be like our our
charcoal factory and these will be our
cook zones okay once this burns down I
can scoop the coals bring them in here
bring them in here I got some grill pans
over here and some and some wire racks
cast iron you know perfect for camping
flat it's a little heavy but it's not
that bad you throw it in the backpack or
a couple other things I mean whatever
it's the heaviest you know kind of
heaviest thing these little rocks I used
as little levelers so I set this up like
that and then I got no resting racks or
sheet trays so you can cook your
vegetables on there it gets the smoke it
gets the flame it gets the heat and then
this can be for like your solid sear if
you want to get like a nice cast you
know so we'll set that up we'll get this
fire going
so we're gonna make some kindling some
good stuff to start the fire with I can
just see if you Oh hand off hope no a
guy cut his thumb off doing this not to
go jinx in myself
hello will gather some twigs alright
we'll build a little teepee action you
don't want to choke it you want to make
sure you get nice air flow vinegar later
alright make sure you bring a little
flame unless you want to you know get
your Flint or your magnifying glass both
reasonable options big fan teepee method
allows good air circulation and then we
get this nice kindling we made and once
this stuff is gone
then we're pretty rock and rollin I feel
about that Benny oh yeah you put a
couple bigger logs on there get a nice
bed of coals going you know this this is
a pretty good size for cooking
you don't need massive logs when you're
gonna be making me fire that's great for
if you want to you know sit around the
fire for like you know five hours and
roast marshmallows and talk about better
days and but we're not out here
doing that right now we're trying to
make a fire to cook on may be but
tonight Vinny will go down and we'll get
some larger ones to come back for the
old campfire sit around you know we'll
drink whiskey and reminiscence what a
beauty morel mushroom found in the woods
not planned that don't get you going you
know I can't help you yeah that's a
beauty coming ain't gonna find this in
the campground that much well you might
slice that up on the cookie little steak
anyhow we're gonna be doing alright
fire burned down we got a nice bed of
coals here what I'm gonna do is shovel
out these coals and we'll make a nice
little bed here rake them in and that's
going to be the fuel for our for our
cooking sturdy here let the heat up a
little bit and I'll start prepping the
meat get that bone hot going oh yeah so
we got a little hot zone up here little
cooler over here for the veg this is
plenty this here if you wanted to get a
real hot spot I could bring like a
French skillet and you could place that
right on the coals you don't want to put
that over flame if I were to put those
steaks over the flame it'd be just be
way too hot when you move things around
you know it's not like you put thing one
you know that's it and then in the back
we're putting more wood to keep the
coals up okay so notice the little juice
is good stuff flavor bombs dripping onto
the rock I mean I like to rock it all
but like means any better so I'm gonna
let that drip into the mushroom zucchini
let that get nicely nice we'll cut that
up and get eating huh mm-hmm paid for
worse that's for sure yeah so uh got
your little three zone fire cooking good
stuff in the woods don't get much better
or not huh Bon Appetit baby you owe me
something Brad Leone hey guys I'm Brad
Leone oh dude we can't do that
hey guys I'm Brad Leone I can't do that
seriously hey guys I'm Brad Leone from
hey guys I'm Brad Leone you might saw me
cooking some food in this here cast iron
and you're gonna wonder if possibly how
I was gonna clean this all you need is
since you have to fire a little steel
wool get it nice and hot
just a little rub you rub with the old
steel wool wipe it down with a little
rag and get back to cooking
good huh little Pilsner in there but huh
butternut Vinny oh yeah
put that on your magazine VIN oh yeah we
both work there

Title - Brad Makes Fermented Hot Sauce | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
I don't know I really don't know what
I'm doing let's look today we're going
to be doing a little lacto-fermented hot
sauce and it's just a little microbial
process you know because the peppers
they're they've been picked but they're
still there's still a lot of stuff in
there that's alive and doing weird stuff
botulism Chris this guy is botulism no
one's had botulism since like nineteen
twenty that might not be true
[Music]
I got some Fresno's and some habaneros I
like to do a little blend because the
habaneros they have great flavor really
not very floral but they can be super
super hot so I like to cut them with
some Fresno's we're working with chilies
you want to use I will you don't have to
do whatever you want you should use some
Platt I got latex gloves because you get
the chili the pepper oils that get on
your hands
get in your eyes go to the bathroom you
get yourself in a row ah a real world
too trouble there it's happened before
it's happened before it's wrong no good
so we're gonna go get some gloves all
right Minnie what I do is I just trim
the top I mean people you know maybe oh
your waist and peppers yada yada yada
but I ain't got that kind of time that's
enough so now I'm going to cut all the
caps off I'll take the seeds out it's a
little tedious but you get a good you
get a good yield on it a couple little
seeds in there no big deal we're not
going to go nuts
but we got all the tops all the seeds
out a little bit of dried hibiscus a
couple mixed peppercorns four cardamom
pods we could use five if you want
little big deal we'll use just a little
pinch of that Morosco they're nice and
then the garlic Vinny always crush your
garlic we're going to use six
tablespoons of just regular old sea salt
and then we'll do the same with sugar
now I'm going to add two quarts of water
I like to add just a little bit first
all right give it a little shakey shakey
you don't get everything just a little
little dissolved until then I'll make it
a little nice you know
oh yeah little pro move right we learn
this from mistakes you put the peppers
in first and then your border just in
case your vessels too small you don't
lose all your you know I'm saying so
we'll put these bad boys in there all
right that will measure the water now
Chris you know percentages we're going
to give this a nice little shake all
right we'll let that sit very important
what you do here so it's fermenting so
it's going to be releasing gas and
pressure so if you left this closed for
a week and a half I mean this has a lot
it might blow up what you have to do
every day is just they call it burping
and what you do is you just let you just
let the UH you just let the gas out when
you open it all the bubbles will rise
and you'll see that it's very active
it's Jesus yeah well let that go for
we'll come back in about a week and a
half you ready then Oh
well it made a little that was a little
anti-climatic for the video but yeah
they look spinning you see all these
little bubbles coming up that's a good
sign that fermentation is started so I
like to do sometimes Vinny I like to
just go in there and massage them a
little break them not break them up
because there's still pretty firm I mean
there's still peppers then that'll
release some of the pepper funk wah
there to help we'll all get to
fermentation really going full burns the
nostrils a bit Vinny all right so we'll
go another week sometimes if you get a
little white silky film over the top
some people think it's mold or it's bad
it's ruined it's just a yeast that
naturally occurs sometimes no one's ever
gotten sick from that might want to
fact-check that all right all right
Vinny so we left off ouch we're going
to give it a little agitation you see
all the bubbles coming up
you're catching that on your high-def
camera Vinny we're gonna give it a
little burp really get one shot here one
shot one kill like Tom Berenger
ooh
hear that this could go a few more days
you know given this a holiday season
over here Bon Appetit Oh God
you know two thousand sixteen is exhausting we're going
to have to cut it a little short so what
the next step is what we're going to do
is we're going to strain off all the
liquid
look at that color isn't that wonderful
great well put all this into the blender
and then we'll add a little bit of that
uh that that table Brian oh god these
things you know Oh God
Oh Vinny then he do not put that in all
right so that's enough I think Vinny if
we need to add more add more start this
baby on low
you ready for that turbocharger thing
that's the stuff
that's the stuff in it look at color
nice right well
look at that color baby vibrant freakin
glow-in-the-dark nice smooth consistency
but not too watery I've done this a
couple times like that you know I had
never really got a measurement of the
actual brine that you put into it
is somewhere around like a cup or
something I smell half of it on the
floor you better off adding less
blending it and finding out you need to
add more because once you add it you
can't get it back all right so next step
I got these real cute little bottles
here you put your hot sauce in there
beautiful color it's great on anything
put on eggs put a pizza put it on making
tacos but on whenever you want great
little gift to you give this to somebody
a homemade hot sauce you the hero
whatever is left over I just keep in
mason jars right in the refrigerator and
just fill up the little bottles when you
need to now we got all this really it's
a the color is fantastic look at that
color baby Hey look at that color
beautiful color look at that color isn't
that wonderful
the color is fantastic and I call it a
table Brian and I put it in a little
little woozy bottle like this and
sometimes you put that on the table
little pop-pop put that on your chicken
on your salad or whatever it's going to
be my retirement plan open up a table
Brian company so that's that look at
that no waste absolutely no waste hey
Emile we ought to get someone who knows
something about hot sauce to try one of
these buddy nice little heat its Fresno
and Oh zing oh it's nice right it's not
it doesn't have like a vinegary quality
but you get them yeah gas it by putting
soy sauce and hot sauce on the same time
you know I get into that big big you the
big you oh that's fantastic
cheers Bon Appetit tip vinius all I got
for you bud Claire you want to taste
something yes
taste the table Brian first I don't know
I haven't taste it it's like it's salty
a little spicy though florally go okay
well spicy habanero not crazy but not
crazy it was a little though good Brian
Oliver Oh
I'm saying fried chicken sweat oh stop
it
garlic hibiscus you finish yeah yeah
tingles and nostrils a bit well we're
also spooning it into our mouths you
know the habanero
yeah that's does Vinny that's his Vinny
rushed us on the fermentation well he
needs got to go to Virginia for
Christmas so we had a yeah way to go
Finn
yeah everybody's getting one in their
stockings
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes a Fermented Mexican Pineapple Drink Tepache | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
all right so we're gonna try alright
alright thank you alright so today today
we're gonna make a little fermented
beverage called tepache and it's just a
fermented pineapple drink with some
spices very nice very refreshing
departure to POC J tepache van they call
tepache
oh it's this tepache
[Music]
so you want to get yourself a good jar a
jar that can close you want something
that can get a good seal on it what I've
done I rigged it up a little bit as
where I put a little rubber band on here
and I put that over there so it keeps it
closed Vinny are you recording
what the rubber band is patent pending
is it self purposes so if it were going
to explode it would just go back and it
would just let the pressure out
Ginger's very active when it comes to
fermentation by its own I mean there's a
thing called I think they call it ginger
bug where it's a fermented ginger
product and I wash this really well I
just nip some of the tips off ah you
don't need to peel it but what I do is I
will crush it open it up you know get
the juices going then we use these
peppers I don't go cutting them up
otherwise I'd be wearing gloves but I
just have them to open them so I'll cut
the top off you don't need that and I
cut the bottom off I don't wash it
because it tends to wash you off the
outside skin tends to have a lot of its
own the East on it and that's that's
very good for fermentation as well and
then I like to cut it into a big quarter
like that I cut a little bit of that off
of the the inner core I think it can
make it a little bitter sometimes the
rhein it's a little woody but if it's
real right it's kind of good I don't go
crazy I just felt like a half inch of
that little corner off you see all right
and then I just cut it up into pieces
all right nice chunks we'll do that with
all of them pop the old brown sugar in
here I'm gonna add a little bit of water
now so I'm just gonna get a little bit
of water in here not much because as we
put the more pineapple in we won't know
how much so they could you know we don't
want it to be too full and I'll just
give it a little shake I just want to
dissolve the sugar and the brown sugar
it'll sweeten it not that you know
pineapples plenty sweet but it you know
sweeten it will give it a nice dark
color they use another ingredient in
Mexico I believe brown sugar is an
alternative I forget what it was called
which I get well what's a call it one
more time for the camera or it could be
lowenfield yeah now we got that all
mixed up we'll add some more pineapple
in okay
up up up I got this cool little tool
that this company called crowdsource
sent me it looks like a giant bubble go
get it come on and it's for a
fermentation say you're making
sauerkraut or I want to use it I just
want to break muddle up that pineapple a
little pop up up up keep things down
yeah that can't hurt you know all right
ginger I'm in a cinnamon right in there
give it a nice little shape over the
segment and we'll muddle it back down
crowd source if you were to taste that
now it would be very very sweet but when
it ferments the bacteria and yeast eats
a lot of the sugar so that's it just a
splash more water there we go
fermentation you know a lot of jars
aren't made for fermentation and so you
kind of get what you pay for it's worth
doing a little research there's a lot of
glass bottles are just decorative you
prefer matte on those things will blow
up on you get very dangerous
yeah if any things have blown up on me I
don't want to talk about it oh no that
was the basement Brusco that was a
failed attempt at making a homemade
hooch
I took the bottle I went to open it
thing turn the stand so be careful by
again that wasn't in a fermentation
grade bottle you live and you learn all
right so we're set here you're gonna let
this sit room temp it'll start to bubble
it should be very active come Monday
this is the shop and you don't screw it
up
blow up in my face all right
not as much bubbles as I thought let's
give it a little stir and see all those
bubbles coming up that's all the
fermentation happening so now what we're
gonna do we're gonna strain this and
then you could drink it straight from
there what I like to do is I'll put it
into these fermentation bottles so I'll
cap these and we'll put them back on the
counter for about two three days and
that's where it'll you know start to
carbonate oh yeah it kind of smells a
little bit like it's a little eesti a
little biri biri I don't know if that's
a word but uh it is today folks this is
not an insured many thanks for asking
I've had this for a while I picked it up
at a good old secondhand store and check
out those details up so it's got all
these little threads on the inside
looking a little like you know I don't
know and the outside it just looks like
I don't know that's cool man that's one
of my best shirts or I forget horn today
for the show all right back to business
Vinny now we're just going to pipe this
stuff into the bottles lay that nice no
spills no spills or thrills now just
like with that I don't know if you've
seen the kombucha video and I really
just want
oh god oh god don't cut cut whenever
you're doing a fermented beverage in
glass bottles you want to leave it your
solid inch of head space on the top of
life what that does is give room for the
the pressure to build back up and
reconstitute itself into the liquid I
believe but it also prevents it from
exploding and then that you just want to
cap and you want we're gonna let that
hang out back in the fermentation
station over there for about three or
four day three days let's do two just a
two and a half three days you know I was
even thinking you might be able to add
water to this and and do it again you
know this is a Test Kitchen so I maybe
will do that
Oh spicy that's that the ginger and the
habanero that we put in there so that's
nice I like that and it's got a little
bit of sweetness but not as sweet as you
would think given that we put a cup of
brown sugar and pineapple which is super
sweet to begin with but there's enough
sugar in there for the second
fermentation to create the carbonation
it's magic Vince nothing short of magic
I like to rinse him off because you know
thinking I don't want to have to be
sticky and stuff you know it's how you
get ants anyway forget the numbers but I
think the population of ants the humans
on earth is like a hundred to one or
something so we'll come back and we'll
we'll pop some bottles and we'll taste
it there's the finished product come
back in two days
thumbs up wait that mic job should have
been a spy okay
how do I do it last time oh that's it
oh no that's not it so where we leave
off I added a little bit of brown sugar
like two tablespoons just to give it a
little food it's very active as you can
see lots of bubbles going on in there so
I'm gonna pop the top and it should be
pretty active oh yeah yeah boo boo
so it works we got a nice little
secondary will bottle that up just like
we did with the first so doing two
rounds you can double your yield whoosh
I have one in the fridge Vinny you want
to chill it before you open it oh yeah
carbonation pineapple ginger is very
active you only want to go we went two
days and it seems like it worked out
just fine
oh yeah that's the stuff well I smells
like beer a little little little yeasty
in a good way pretty nice little sweet
you get that chilly I'd say a fermented
drink so it has like probiotics and it's
you know promotes good gut health which
we're big on blood if you want to get a
little wild
this would go really nice little rum
maybe even a little tequila it's
afternoon you start drinking ah you
kidding me Pacific oh oh we're gonna do
a little beer in there my bad w you
always nice oh that's pretty good this
is really good drink that all summer
long
oh you heard it here first now a brief
word from our sponsors oh what's that
then oh we don't have any
oh but man we got some good beverages
and bone Appetit
hey meal what's up bud what's go ahead
and taste that for me it's not poisonous
and close your eyes where are you idea
yeah watch it with a little bit of
Pacifico in it oh
let's go try to partner up oh no rap oh
you're
no no I'm not going in there no way dude
you got to respect a man's boundaries
let me try it huh
we got a couple that ship Vinny not bad
by the Statue of Liberty almost looks
like a science research vessel that's
where we're gonna shoot next Vinny
little place called Ellis Island

Title - Brad Uses Moldy Rice Koji to Make Food Delicious | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
Jesus Christ they got to put a bell on
you all right guys today I'm it's alive
we're going to set up a couple pieces of
bone the short rib boneless chicken
thigh and some experimental shrimp with
some Koji I've done all of them about
the shrimp but you know it is a Test
Kitchen so we'll we'll give it a shot
which was out for a week yeah you know I
never claimed to be an expert we're just
learning together Vinny
[Music]
all right Vinny let's get started with
the Koji and what it is is just it's a
rice that's inoculated with a mold
it's the alive part it comes like this
check this out
well granulars and what I do is I turn
it into a little powder just throw it in
a good blender so I just blitz this wood
you gotta be careful I don't know I'm a
little it gets a little powdery and it
gets in the air and it's got mold I'm
always scared to breathe it you know you
start growing things in your lungs or
something oh you see that smoke get away
from that minute and that's it that's
our powder suits they moved it on me
Benny oh here we go you know you get
people down here really nice you know
they we share the walk-in and they come
down here I had proof nice Bowl in the
short rib it's one of my favorite
culture it's relatively cheap you can
usually get it for like ten bucks a pound
and then I got some shrimp just shell on
regular shrimp I'm what we're going to
peel them real quick I've never done the
Koji with shrimp but you know we'll give
it a shot so it tends to like make it a
little sweeter it gives it a little
little funkiness over time and when you
cook them nothing will caramelize faster
might be good might be bad but you know
we'll learn together
all right recommitting and these are
just some boneless chicken thighs so I
got my powdered coach and what I do is
just sprinkle it on it then you just
kind of like work it and Pat it in you
want to use a decent amount yeah you
know I thought about wearing the gloves
it's not harmful to me I'm not gonna
look at my fingers or rubbing my eyeball
I'm gonna wash my hands after you could
use gloves I feel like we use gloves for
everything you know I'm not like
preparing it for other people maybe just
some other you know coworkers and stuff
but there used to there used to my hands
good devein them I'm not going to okay
soon
depakote they're smaller and they're a
little more delicate it'll probably take
less time than the chicken and the beef
the beef taking the longest so I'm going
to put it right down here uncovered all
right I'm gonna let it breathe right in
here Benny
oh you can really see the difference
especially in the in the bone the short
ribs got a little darkness on the edges
there nice firming up today's Friday
come Monday all the shrimp will probably
done given the size of them and the fact
that its seafood you know it's not going
to really hang out as long as well as
you know the red meat or even the
chicken maybe we'll just cook a couple
shrimp real quick what do you think
where you think that give me a nod then
after it's been sitting in the coach you
want to rinse them and you see that
shine it kind of changed the whole
texture you know some would say oh why
cook them with olive oil you know why
not I'm not going to add anything to it
because I just want to see how it tastes
by itself we'll just cook those up all
right VIN oh yeah
it does make it a little tougher but not
in a bad way not in like a chewy way hey
Chris Clare anyone you guys want to try
this three bud oh my god nothing else no
salt no nothing
that's nothing got a little bit of
sweetness very good I like the texture
they're good for thirty six
oh stop it Chris maybe we'll do one
without we're gonna cook one with the co
John here in the Test Kitchen we bounce
a lot of ideas off each other we help
each other and that was a good idea
Thank You Claire ah ha look at that then
coach when one's getting a little cozy
crust uh-oh Claire I think you might be
on to something
I like what happened it's nice adds a
nice flavor
does it add something back to the
exterior that's got to look dried out
the shrimp delicious I don't think it
needs to go much longer at all then then
the four days it could probably even go
to win three we'll put the chicken in
the beef back in into the reach-in
because I don't know that can go the
extra time especially the beef the
chicken will be fine look at that almost
looks a little funky right but in a good
way I think the sweet spot might be like
three days with the chicken but what
won't say maybe this is the sweet spot
will say so let's give these a little
rinse
I've got dark the meat got shrimp a
little bit or old down here yeah you go
baby
now I solved it at the end because I
just want to see how its taste how it
cooks for the sake of science we're
going to do it just like this and this
is on pretty low so we're gonna let them
just cook nice low and slow damn ghost
town down here see it gets a little
glaze easy there then almost looks like
we applied a little sugar to it right oh
but we did not that's a hell of a crust
on there and we didn't add anything to
pop this over here but yeah nice color
Thanks
this would be great over some rice I
mean Christ throw it in the taco throw
it on a piece of bread throw it on
anything boneless chicken thigh you
can't go wrong with that
the chicken is surprisingly tender it
needs like a little so why you're coming
sure what's second time we're here joy
so I was good right what's it smell like
sweetie
you ever rub your body with Koji no but
that could be a different video maybe a
different website the chicken was a lot
better than I thought it was MB very
juicy really because it was thinner to
the boneless thigh it really penetrated
from both ends real nicely just a home
run on the week I mean I think you can
go five days that's fine if you're
worried about chicken hanging out in the
fridge but um shouldn't be a problem
with the shrimp that we did we left the
Koji on and gave it a nice little like
crispy kind of crunchy little texture on
the top which is very nice I'm afraid it
might burn if you did that with chicken
some people like that charred flavor you
know some people call it burn there you
go Koji koji rub your meats why not you
got some friends over they don't you
know Koji is you're telling them you're
putting it on your meat it's been
sitting in there for a week
just tell them after you know that tray
of carnage hope nobody gets sick save
some of the prep work for you guys you
know I don't want this to just be stuff
laying in a bowl ready to go like I'm
some kind of Hollywood star you know do
our own prep around here and I found out
I'm the only one who calls you Vinny
I guess most call you Vincent

Title - Brad Makes Perfect Corned Beef | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
check tech me me me me me all right
today guys gonna be making a little
corned beef right now we just got the
brisket and I got some pickling spices I
like to make my own I got a couple
little things that aren't traditionally
in there but I like it and we're going
to set up a little curing brine that
takes about five days and then from
there you can cook it and that's where
you get your so we're going to make the
corned beef
[Music]
so we've got a brisket this is about
five six pound pieces what you're
looking for two and a half cups of salt
five teaspoons of the pink curing salt
and a half a cup of light brown sugar
and one Guinness for good measure that's
for the brine and then our pickling
spices chopped up ginger we've got some
coriander seed some allspice mixed black
and yellow mustard seeds juniper berries
some cardamom pods mixed peppercorns a
couple chili de arbol cinnamon stick and
some fresh bay leaves I got a little
skillet going over there on medium heat
oh yeah that's a beautiful thing already
we need to do that I just want to keep
it moving you don't really want to go
walking away and getting distracted
just get a little toasty you start
getting a little fragrant and that's
pretty much it we're not really looking
to put much color or burn anything here
you can start to really smell the
individual spices right off the bat you
can smell the clove you can smell you
can smell the clove you can smell it
with a magical penny stand by the recipe
calls for a one teaspoon of cloves which I
happen to forget you don't want to go
too hot you'll start to hear things
starting to crackle I'm starting to hear
it now a little bit and that's a good
indicator that you're getting pretty
close right from there away from the pot
you don't have a mortar and pestle I
highly recommended still crackling come
on Benny stick your camera in there just
give everything a nice little crush and
I just like to crack and open up the
spices oh it smells wonderful I know we
really got to work on a way to get those
smells into the camera
Alex Lainey how are you you got one go
ahead take ZnO
[Music]
very nice right all right we'll see you
later going so from here I have my
vessel this is what we're going to put
the brisket in to cure so I got two and
a half cups of kosher salt one half cup brown
sugar like so and this is the pink
curing salt and then just you know
little Guinness you know st Patrick's
Day and from there this very important
you want to make sure that everything
gets dissolved in the liquid so from
there we're just going to add the spice
mixture in there mix it up nice add the
beef cover it five days and then you
know what we'll see what happens
that smell is something else OOP I want
to take a half a cup of this and reserve
it and that'll be our cooking spice for
when we cook the corned beef leaves you
with a cup add that right in okay so
boom we got our brine here nice piece of
meat now here's a little thing I like to
do can I take a little cake tester and I
just like to prick some little holes and
especially by the fat the brine
sometimes has a harder time getting
through the fat than it does just
straight onto the beef brain itself and
then from there we just go right into
the brine oh look at that no overflows
the brisket tends to float a little what
I like to do is you get if just a plate
that fits or anything that's food safe
that can you know handle being in water
and I just like to place that right on
top of the meat there you go that's the
move right there now from here I just
wrapped with a little plastic let me
know what are we doing bud oh there's
some cracks all right Oh Mia's got crabs
doing the old Brad wrap oh yeah oh yeah
they love that oh yeah they're gonna
they're gonna hate you for that well
you're gonna throw that in the ocean -
yeah I know wrap around some dolphin
why he is doing that is because it acts
he's got a little ice pack in there and
the layers of plastic wrap which we
recycle afterwards it acts as a little
insulator and becomes a he's got a
little cooler now you got yourself some
crabs this weekend but oh came over here
for the plastic all right no big deal
all right so from here we'll drop this
in the fridge now I'll see you guys in
five days there we go
you better get the door bud so let me
take the the old plates out yeah that's
our guy
we'll give that a nice rinse you don't
have to go nuts getting everything off
because we're going to cook this we're
going to we're going to boil it
essentially here I just got a nice
little stock you can use Dutch oven or
just like give you a nice little sized
stockpot so add in our spices there
she's heavy
right in your water and we're going to
let that boil for like fifteen-twenty minutes
watched pot never boils then you can
walk we're just around then he just
loves filming me paint me Vinny like one
of your french girls hi I can't work
like this
so that's cooking away and now we'll
turn it down in heat to a little
medium-low throw a little cover on there
and we'll let that go for about three
and a half four hours happens over time
low and slow magic all right me look
Benny corned beefs all done nice
fork-tender
yeah buddy that's it I'll put some green
cabbage that i-cord come up some carrots
and some red skin potatoes and an onion
I put that all in there let that cook
for about forty minutes and then I pull it
out and serve that on the side nice pink
nice color that's from the curing salt
so the grain is going like this so you
kind of want to cut it on the by you
want to cut it against the grain
[Music]
alright check this out finis look that's
what you want you want to be able to get
grain separation not falling apart but
separation get yourself load Guinness
right there yes by the st Patrick's
days it gets I can hear the bagpipes
going
let's go focus here and that's it
corned beef cabbage st Patrick's Day
Bon Appetit all right no more Benny
we're done does that mean V to get our
work done
oh sweet nectar a little late in the
game four o'clock afternoon shot you
know we had a little we got put on the
back burner a couple celebrities in the
house I mean old Vinny but Benny we're
gonna have a little beer before we go
looking for a sponsorship me drink your
beer make me nervous be a cop

Title - Brad Makes Fermented Garlic Honey | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
a lot of people get concerned about
botulism
we're going to do a little fermented
garlic in honey okay and that's two
ingredients that's it
well sometimes there's a third but we'll
get to that later I start with just you
know really nice raw try to get you know
the best one you possibly can local is
best I mean you want to use the best
quality you can get raw raw raw and then
we got some really nice garlic I get
this from the farmers market
Pete's k-y-t's farm they're some of my
favorite medicinal grade garlic and
Andrew Nolan how you doing
all right so I just peel off the layers
over the garbage can I know that's a big
a big no-no in the food world so just
get over it it's just uh you know it's
it's within it's because well alright
you know sometimes when he gets
crystallized and it gets like it gets
like too thick you can't really pour it
some people oh there you go jump right
in
I'm not a big microwave fan alright I'll
just say it you know I think it will
kill maybe some of the microorganisms in
it and that's the stuff that we actually
want you know it's like a two-part glue
or epoxy you mixed one and the other and
it becomes the epoxy with garlic there's
the same thing like you have something's
eating it's a self-defense mechanism
that the garlic has where it'll form a
thing called allicin when something is
crushing the cell walls it thinks it's
getting eaten or attacked so it starts
to make the Alison and the Alison is
what's really really good for you and
garlic just get in the skin off the
garlic sometimes it's tricky but if you
give it a little crush kind of just pops
right out there's a lot of prep so I'd
imagine in the videos the Department
will be like rear ear ear and all of a
sudden that's all peeled and nice
botulism will not survive in an acidic
environment below four point six on the
pH scale I have a little pH meter and I
test it if it starts to get above four
point six sometimes I'll just splash it
with a little apple cider vinegar and
that usually will bring it right back
down my leaves a little Nibin zon no big
deal actually no then let's cut them off
hold on we'll trim off any of them
little boom-boom spots right look at
that oh nice nice crush you see that
bruise happening that's that Allison be
informed so yeah we've got our garlic in
there and I'm going to do is just cover
it with honey and you want to just make
it nice and submerge so yeah yeah get
this pin oh yeah it's the stuff bud all
right so it's nice and see how thick it
is now weights you see okay you get a
couple days in the liquid starts to get
drawn out of the garlic and this will
turn super watery again best garlic the
best honey you can find get it from your
farmers market or like that weird guy
that sells it off his driveway in a few
days it's very it gets very active it
bubbles it foams up a little
so you got to leave some headspace
otherwise you can have an explosion you
can have a you can have some problems
very very important you know I do it
once or twice a day
you got a it's called burping so what
you're doing is you're letting the gases
out and you'll hear it when it's
fermenting and you go it will get the
shot later don't you worry then and you
can keep it out you know people say you
can keep it out room temp for like like
a year and the garlic it'll get darker
in color the texture changes it gets a
little chewy it's like little freakin
garlic candy and you know FDA not
approved but it is very very good for
your immune system I believe I believe
it's been since Tuesday right Tuesday I
think it's Tuesday anyway you can see
look it's cover pressure popping up and
that means the gasses are building up in
there I'll burp it now oh yeah did you
hear that one little pop when we first
started it was a really really thick
honey and now I mean it's it's it almost
looks like it's not even honey and we
didn't add anything else so we'll let
that guy sit back there and then all
right Vinny hello look it's got some
nice pressure there oh yeah whoof you
can smell it look you see you got some
nice little white bubbles on the top I
do have some older stuff here this one
lookout liquidy that is all right this
one's about six months old sometimes I
like that just a little splash apple
cider vinegar you can add a pinch of
cayenne and you can top it off you know
if you say it's getting a little low you
can just throw some more in and let that
ferment away and look this is nothing
but garlic and honey look at liquidy
that gets you start feeling a little
froggy a little sick just shoot that
back you can do this every day mm-hmm it
loses that real spicy bite that raw
garlic eyes
pretty good stuff all right romantic
garlic honey boom you know my philosophy
of him it's all about preventative
maintenance okay say with me preventive
maintenance
I'll probably get sick tomorrow

Title - Brad Makes Beer | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
yeah man I'll drop the boot Hoopa drives
the movement like I'm off from one of
those uh those railroad things you know
me and Vinny we're heading to
Mississippi oh stop you every time
bottom down Vinny and we're not waiting
on nowhere huh say being stuck in the
snow a rocket you know pump it up more
I'd turn around and drive it forward
[Music]
I'm gonna need your focus anything of
this Oh
oh that felt good like a scratch you've
been trying to get so we're here at my
buddy Dan Suarez his house at the Suarez
family brewery up here by Germantown
hold on start over Dan where are we ah
Livingston there's more into beer than
just putting some grains and some water
in something I mean everyone knows you
know they just go to the store they buy
the beer but there's a lot that goes
into it and there's a lot of life
involved all right I got one job grains
in the bin hey just in case how do you
turn this machine off I got you on the
ammo guy in Saving Private Ryan you know
you're never gonna run out but
it has some sugar in it now but it also
has starch in it and a starch
yeah exactly but it's all that starch
gets converted to sugar by the enzyme
yes science which is exactly learn
something every day Vinny I got some
German at me it shits in my blood
oh yeah look at me look Jeremy little
Dutch
[Music]
I can see that again
so we just did those eighteen bags of malted
barley into the grinder and what why do
we grind it almost every kernel gets
split so then you're exposing the starch
inside of the kernel it will be very
cloudy and chunky and I'll recirculate
it and then forty five minutes later it's like
crystal clear yeah wort Vinny WRAT year
I did know man really it W all our team
wore is that you like get on your finger
wo wo RT hey why is he so important in
beer making process without yeast it
would just be like sugary hop T the
yeast eats the sugar yes he introduces
what is alcohol produces alcohol and CO two
but it also kicks off tons of flavor
ooh we're going to call this so
breakfast the breakfast hooch no there's
no alcohol now man it's just sugar it's
just like oh pretty nice so Dan's
pumping the finished wharf clarified
shoot through the pipes into the cooking
vessel that what do we call that damn
handle yes yes boil kettle and then from
there we're going to boil it add the
hops what they do is they take fresh
hops and they turn it into a powder and
they pressurize it and make little
pellets Dan and correct me if I'm wrong
but this is just as good as using fresh
cones yeah same thing
right see it hitting the liquid
you
dan just got off the phone with the pig
farmer he's gonna come over around four
pm Eastern Standard Time and pick up
this this spent grain pigs go nuts of
this stuff har-har-har it feels good on
your face
forget the pigs send this rate to the
spa oh oh by no means is that underrated
alright Benny quit fooling around we got
work to do
yeah Dan's wearing glasses and gloves
and even give me any protective gear but
uh you know
you know but your friends are we're
gonna be miss Frances messing around
Sani all day if you even get us on your
skin for a second and your skin starts
turning white and it'll burn oh really
yeah and then forget if you get this in
your eye it's like Jesus Christ I let it
get that shit out of me hey Brad stand
over here I'm going to wear gloves and
glasses you can hug him he'll liquid in
your eyeballs and what so this is where
fermentation will take place yeah where
we'll add our yeast from another conical
and it will flash chill after we boil in
here will flash chill through this heat
exchanger into there and we'll add our
yeast to and then hopefully by tomorrow
morning it's a this is the flash chilly
so cold water goes pump that way
boiling work get pumped
and then they exchange heat and then we
return hot water into the hot water tank
and by the time it gets the work gets
here it's nice and cool
yeah like touch to telling you got to
taste all the ingredients FINA
Oh bitter tiny not too bad
I mean that's a nice consistency
beautiful nice pale pancake batter
creamy now I'm going to hook up the keg
and we're gonna harvest hey could I have
some of that yeast this one right here
yeah you can take some I'm a steal a
little yeast for back home back in the
back in the in the BA Test Kitchen oh
yeah good luck bread how'd that work out
oh Jesus Christ
nice flick there dance
yeast is in here we know this we're
gonna pipe it through this is our little
side glass well here we go dance coming
mmm right into the keg oh oh yeah
nice thick yeast looks good right yeah
it's going on alright we're going to
take this keg over to the fermentation
vessel where we're going to add to pitch
the yeast into the beer and that's where
all the fermentation happens all the
life force begins to eat sugars create
alcohol create all that nice depth of
flavor that you'll get you get in beer
and yeah you really can't do it without
the yeast the word is filling the tank
from the bottom and now we're pretty
much good to add this whole can of yeast
word not to be confused with wort as
we're pumping the word and this is
getting kind of mixed niche then desert
as we're pushing it in science then you
wouldn't understand so we got our
fermentation vessel filling up with the
yeast filling up with our completed wort
that mixes up in there and then inside
here is where all the fermentation
starts happened and once all the
fermentation is done the yeast settles
the beer stays up top yeast is down here
we'll pipe the beer into another vessel
filled with just just the beer whatever
yeast didn't settle in the first vessel
will settle in the second that's where
we'll carbonate it from there pipe it in
the bottles and kegs and start drinking
some beer I just came in here not
knowing much about beer other than how
to drink it and we figured you know
working with Dan we did the grains we
did we made the war word start over
Vinny we got the wort going it's like a
goddamn you in there so pretty much what
we own what I learned the most and what
my favorite part about the beer making
experience is how much life force is
involved in it without the yeast there
is no beer and without beer there's a
lot of unhappy people Suarez family
brewery really hitting home runs over
here so thanks to them for having us and
let's go drink some beer he's a Magic
Man
that's what it's gonna play out I'm
pretty much dude straight down the
center yeah that's like sausage oh
that's a goddamn Simpsons episode I'll
take a dump beer right there that look
good that looks
there you go sir
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Cultured Butter | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
I don't speak much French I don't really
speak that well English but uh boy it's
fun to say butter in French
all right baby so today we want to make
a little little butter from scratch here
and you know if we want to make a little
cultured butter so if you can get raw
cream that would be grave you know guys
somewhere at a farmers market whose will
and then you know bring in a couple
quarts three or something that would be
ideal because it's not dead
aka pasteurized I guess it's right
Claire I mean all pasteurized is
pasteurized at the end of the day well
put Claire so that's we're gonna get so
let's go grab that out of the walk in
there Vinny sugar with a low ten
pasteurization this is a trickling
Springs we get in that whole foods and
it seems to work really well and for the
life force I just put a little bit of
kefir and that'll bring the life back
into the cream to get us our culture
defect which is nice on butter so for my
recipe we're gonna get four cups of
cream and give it a good shake because
the you know the fats kind of sets up to
the top there cream cream cream top make
sure we get that all in you want to get
all the nice solids because that's
that's the fat which is essentially the
butter because in our next step what
we'll be doing is separating the liquid
from the straight butter fat because
that's that's what butter is the fat of
the cream near that poor job huh who's
better than me then and look at that
color event it's not white all right
it's beige it's cream the color of cream
all right and so for two two bottles
which is four cups of cream I'll add one third
cup of kefir you should get around three quarters
of a pound of butter and about a cup and
a half of buttermilk
we'll put the lid on give it a good
shake all right so we've got that nice
and mixed up nice now we take the lid
off clean the rim a little bit nice nice
alright so yeah cheesecloth any reader
you so put that on there and that's just
to keep you know foreign objects out
bugs or you know it's just things that
contaminating it but you want it to
breathe very important so you want to be
open like that alright we've got our
culture we got our cream in there and
we're gonna let it do its little funky
thing depending on how much Tang and
cooking and culture taste you want to it
I usually go I go like two days pretty
solid two days so yeah so it's Friday
now I'm gonna write that on the tape
we'll check in on this on Monday it
should it should be done and then the
fun part comes where we can start making
the actual butter Oh Minnie
Vinny come on in here buddy get a look
at this this is the good stuff
so now we're gonna pop the top on it all
right I'm just gonna give it a little
shake you don't even really need to do
this but makes me feel good and then
we're gonna pop it in the fridge just
for a little while let it cool down to
around just a little bit cool or like sixty
sixty five degrees or something and that will
help with the churning process which
we're gonna do with the stand up mixer
oh yeah
creme fraiche buddy oh it smells good
who doesn't like butter it's pretty much
it it's a perfect food
that actually would work better yeah
what oh good idea no and that's why you
get the big bucks bed first off any quit
horsing around oh yeah nice reach you
gotta have the right tool for the right
job how was that now you could do this
in a different vessel that would make it
easier to get out that would probably be
who view right now now that's gonna
happen pretty quick then it's gonna go
from looking like whipped cream to some
kind of frosting to it's gonna start to
break and when you get these little
yellow chunks and it started to look a
little soupy that's when you want to
stop it slow it down a little well I
know look see that not amazing there's
your buttermilk in the bottom and
there's your butter now you could do
this by hand if you don't have a mixer
it just you know takes a little hard
work which you know I kind of almost
wish we did it that way you know for the
sake of uh I don't know who cares
cheesecloth can't live without it
look at that buddy buttermilk huh we'll
scrape all that butter in there when I
wrap this up a little bit here so all
right we want to squeeze out so we
pretty much got two cups of buttermilk
nice fresh cultured buttermilk oh it
smells good though Andy check this out
button nice this is three day
it smells good we will wash the butter
because what you want to do I'll explain
it in a minute all right here we go
stop you have the ice never gonna fill
it up with a little water make a real
fancy thing called ice water all right
for my next trick Vinny you got a
little bit of water in here and we just
want to kind of work it you could do
this with your hands but it gets a
little messy and what you're doing is
you're working out the last bit of
buttermilk that's still in the butter
will do this step a few times and you
see you look you see the water it gets a
little cloudy that's the residual
buttermilk coming out all right so we
can just drain that off okay okay so I
kind of like doing it with my hand right
in the water and just really just kind
of need it so while the butter is still
cold I like to just give it a little pat
dry look at that that's a block of
butter now I like that a little bit of
salt this is just you know regular sea
salt and then you just like to fold it
in so you go the salty glad I like
salted butter I mean bakers and staying
are the the most common butter and you
know in kitchens is unsalted
I don't really bake too much so I like a
little bit of salt in my butter smelling
good buddy we got some nice nutty
cultured
wrong up still still illegal all right
yeah black market cream baby get the
good stuff well I'm gonna work on that
I need a cream guy

Title - How to Brew Your Own Kombucha with Brad | It's Alive | Bon Appetit
I really just want
oh god oh god Oh cut cut VIN Oh tragedy
over here this your first time making
some Gucci for sure looks like it
so here we got a good close-up of a
Viscomi or the mother and this is the
the light this is the force behind
making kombucha we're going to feed the
scoby some further make the kombucha so
what we feed it with a sugar and tea and
the ratio that was handed down to me
the master formula is for one quart of
water you had seventy grams of sugar and seven
grams of tea and we're doing the times
ten batch so seven hundred grams of sugar seventy grams
of tea so we'll start with the sugar
it's a lot of sugar I mean we're not
going to lie here but again the end
product is actually rather dry because
the scoby it it eats the sugar I'm going
to do a nice like a gun powder gum
powder green tea and for seventy grams I'll
use sixty eight green and ten grams of black will
pinch for good luck then from there
that's it so this is four times ten recipe
water already brought to a boil I turn
it off we pour this in stir it around
let the sugar dissolve you don't want to
overdo just steep in it it's like making
you're pretty much making sweet tea so
while that's steeping we'll take a peek
at the girls here I have four different
vessels okay this is the scoby it's
layered almost like if you can zoom in
and look at it it's almost layers like a
laminated biscuit you could peel back
the layers where I can start peeling
layers and I can you can give it to a
friend and they can make it at home all
right Finn quit horsing around back to
business here so I got some cheesecloth
ok wonderful product line that in the
fine mesh Chinua and then we'll strain
that into another vessel a couple more
minutes now and then we'll refrigerate
it what I do is I use a little less
water and then I'll add some ice cubes
so it helped chill it and it'll also
speed up the chilling process all right
we'll put this in the sink okay this
goes in here like so okay
tell me the walking by that's castle on
I ordered last week got job is mine no
you didn't order it I don't think you
ordered please get this Oh Vinny's my
witness cameraman doesn't miss anything
classic I ordered it where is it but he
never ordered today's crazy gene whoa
whoa pg-thirteen and family show since the
days been so busy haven't even gotten to
unpack the fresh cut it shouldn't look
so messy in here usually this will be
all unpacked but me and all Vinny
Vinny over here we didn't get to do
that yet so that might even have to wait
till tomorrow cuz we got boots to make
them up we got a good steep going right
behind the car
so again Chinua fine mesh strainer and
some cheesecloth
all right that's Kobe food man we're
going to have a couple happy girls over
there
so from here remember I was saying that
I I did the water a little say I needed
ten quarts I only put eight in so we can
put some ice cubes in to help chill it
so we can do this a little quicker
science and science yeah we'll put this
right on the wall
never ends then here we go
coming in hot sharp dangerous Chris
Morocco is on fire so we'll wait till
that gets to about seventy two degrees and then
we'll we'll do the old siphon into the
into the scopes you don't need a role on
this one we're cheating how to keep it
in the walk-in and now we're just
bringing it up to the temperature and
then once that's you know we just don't
want to shock it if it's too cold it can
shock if it's too hot it can kill it so
we'll get it to right around where it's
at and that's quite all right and and
then we'll feed them so Sam Whitley
folks that's it I'm sure there's far
more sophisticated ways to do this I
don't have those I will just use the old
gravity to do this for us I get that
little siphon siphon hose and I got you
want to get you sure you on in on Brad's
room all right good look hold this
oh there's no free rides no free lunch
under in Brad's world you see that
little hole there try to sneak that down
there oh wait I lied to you don't do
that yet oh my god
boom right there
we don't need you anymore Andy I'm out
I'm out so good we'll fill this up all
the way to the top then we'll do this to
doll them and then it's it's and then
it's a tasting game until until it gets
too sweet the perfect spot the balance
of tart sour and sweet and then from
here it's just every day you test it so
I keep a straw I slip it right down here
coming here get this Vinny I slip it
right down on the side just a little
pinch pull because it was so sour here
just because it's been hanging out and
there we haven't had time to feed them
this will probably happen really quick
I'll let this go for probably what's
today Wednesday Friday I'll probably
bottle all right so this next step
very sophisticated tool best Globes in
the biz but you don't want to touch that
with your hands either bacteria in your
hand very bad way mold am i right in
there now you want to make sure that
your tea is still a little sweet not
completely sour very important for the
second fermentation you see I only
filled in a little bit but I have
several vessels and I'd like to do I
like to make a blend of them all because
one one could be a little more sour than
the other and I really just want oh god
oh god I'll cut I think you said you
always want to leave a little bit in for
mom because she needs it so yeah you
want to use a bottle that you can seal
real nice I like using square ones are
not so good some of them you got to be
careful you have to get ones that are
fit for food-grade and for fermentation
because what we're doing next is putting
this tea in these bottles with a little
bit of juice with fruit juice and it's
going to it's going to have a secondary
fermentation it's going to start to
carbonate and it's going to build up
pressure so if you have a really cheap
or bad pour glass bottle it can explode
and it has this is important you're on a
label and make sure you put you know so
you remember which flavor you go and you
can you got to put the date on it so you
can keep track of how long it takes to
to do the double fermentation I got some
really nice in the sky out of grapes
fresh and I juiced them and we're going
to we're going to try making a kombucha
with that now I like to use a lot of
like already packaged bottle juices
they're pasteurized so they're dead but
they had a good flavor and they have the
sugar which is the most important when
you make your own it'll it carbonates a
lot faster because it's just a eager to
live man so yeah like I said you know
this ain't rocket surgery so I don't
really uh highball everything you know
I'm a really big measure so that's how
much we do we'll call it must
oh I like that I could come up with
little names for me no I'm really
creative so this is apricot I just write
apricot and then you can mix them til
you can really put anything in it we've
done the fresh berries juice them and
they come out fantastic all right so
let's bottle a few real quick see where
we're at so then yeah I got this big old
my bottle and jug and then just fill
them up you want to leave well you have
to leave you got to leave a little bit
of air on there to try to let those
little bubbles settle and then I'll come
back and top it off but you want to fill
it to about right here
and then that's it you seal it up you
want to get this tight real tight though
he's got to be airtight
like a frog's ass watertight you can use
just regular wine corks but these seem
to work really well you can just keep
reusing them you got to push them in
pretty pretty good as far as it'll go
wait that's that wait about I was going
to put a date on that wait about four
days and then don't open it you know
just let it go
little patience you start falling boots
doesn't like to be messed up you just
got to let it do its thing
so yeah you add all that juice but when
it's done it's not real sweet because
the living organisms microorganisms
inside here eat the sugar and produce
the carbon dioxide science so that's it
Brad's bitchin boot Oh God
this is going to get me fired oh we have
successful carbonation look at that oh
that's beautiful thing

Title - Brad Makes Thanksgiving Turkey Stock | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I always like to pull and to eat a
little bit of the meat at the end I just
can't help myself almost has no flavor
to it it's just like a hot protein no hi
guys today we're gonna be making a
turkey stock a little twist of it that I
developed for the Thanksgiving issue I
think it's just an overall home run of a
turkey stock you can make for any time
of the year what we start with is a
little bit of chicken wings and turkey
wings that you can get from a butcher
shop I like to add a smoked ham hock to
it too it's kind of my little curveball
so let's get that going so we're gonna
take these wings we're gonna drizzle
them a little bit of olive oil about one
tablespoon just pinch of salt and then
just coat them around all right so we're
gonna put the wings in the oven I like
to place them on the upper half of the
rack of the oven space a little hotter
up there now while the wings are going
we're gonna start our mirepoix which
we're gonna do a little bit of celery
two medium carrots I have one large so
we're gonna use that I like to add an
onion that's basically the base of the
mirepoix I also do a little bit of
mushroom and some garlic in I like
cremini if you want to jazz it up you
know you can put a little maitake
they're real big flavor boosters with
that last tablespoon of olive oil I'm
gonna get it going on a medium heat so
yeah we got the mirepoix and all our veg
that we cut up
I took the garlic I have that and I like
to just play some oak up a little face
down right on it the onions face down
let that like that flesh should get nice
and caramelized
I like that just a pinch of salt we're
gonna let this sweat out for about fifteen
minutes just stirring occasionally
keeping an eye on it make sure you don't
want to burn or you want to like a nice
blonde carmelization any burning it's
just gonna I don't want to say Rowan but
ruined ruling your stock all right guys
it's been ten minutes we're gonna pull
the wings out real quick and just I like
to give them a turn throw a pair of
tongs by the time we're done roasting
these will be nice and golden brown
which will help give again some flavor a
lot of flavor to the stock as well as
that nice golden color right Andy
all right so it's been forty minutes forty
minutes I've been turning the wings
every ten minutes
nice and golden all over we're gonna
take that fat that we rendered out
there's no point dumping it back into
the stock and I'm just gonna pour it off
into here check out our veg it's nice
and sweat it up you got a nice little
color on the onion that's what we're
looking forward so now we're gonna add
one smoked ham hock peppercorns a little
bit of parsley leaves stems and all some
fresh bay leaves and we'll stir that
around and then we're gonna add about
one quarter cup of wine yeah here you can turn
the heat up just just a little bit if
you'd like so now that our wine is
pretty much all evaporated we're gonna
go ahead and add the wings all this
drippings that caramelized on the pan
that's all delicious stuff so what I
like to do is just add a little bit of
water to that and I'll scrape it up a
little bit with a fish net if you do
this while it's still hot it'll come off
a lot easier
that'll add just some real nice
character flavor and color to the dish
so now we're all set we got our rings in
there we got our hop in there we got all
our mirepoix or veg so only thing left
is the water so here we go I'm just
gonna pour this with a little confidence
real quick I add a pinch of salt a lot
of schools you know school of thought
they won't add salt until the end that's
great once the salt in you can't get it
back so it is smart to season your stock
when it's finished all right so we got
our stock brought up to a boil a full
boil and then now I'm just going to
reduce it to a simmer you don't want it
to be still you want some bubbling some
bubbling we're gonna let this go for
about three-and-a-half four hours it
should reduce by half meat starts to
break down at one hundred sixty degrees where the
connective tissue and the joints will
start to break apart in the pull the
collagen out and the pull of the gelatin
out and that's what's going to give that
nice body and flavor to the stock so
this is the other stock that I've been
working on all ready to be strained this
is a spider you can use the slotted
spoon or even some tongs or something
but I like to get all the solids out
before I go to the strainer and there's
that ham hock just falling apart like I
said I always do like to eat a little
piece
because it just looks so good but it's
not it's a super dry no flavor but
that's the bulk of the other mass in the
stock so we can just discard this I have
yet to find a real good use for it sir
if someone knows put it in the comment
section there's still a lot of bits
floating around and they have the small
stuff that I couldn't get with a spider
I have another pot set up with a fine
mesh strainer so we'll just pour that
through you can smell that little bit of
smokiness from the hawk oh yeah
I could drink this every day so this is
the stock after it's been in the fridge
overnight it set up the fats on top I'm
just going to go ahead and try to skim
off as much of that as possible I mean
it's not super necessary but I like to
leave just a little bit but you know get
out as much as you can so that's what I
was talking about with all the gelatin
coming out of those the knuckles in the
wings and in the ham hock should have
that nice jiggle to it that's a good
stock to me so from here I like to put
it into some quart containers and then
to some pint containers so yeah that
just a beautiful thing I'm a big soup
guy you come home on a weeknight and you
know you want to make a stock or even
just like a braise or something instead
of having water you got this super rich
flavorful very good for you in my
opinion broth to add to a quick dinner
or for the holidays you know it just
really takes anything you're cooking and
just adds a whole nother layer of flavor
yeah and you don't want to go wasting it
and get it all out alright so there we
go we started off with two gallons of
water yield it up with one gallon of
stock got them quartered up keep them in
your fridge keep them in your freezer
and you're good to go
[Music]

Title - Brad Makes Fried Bologna Sandwiches | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
action is that a hard action alright
guys well back back in the old drivers
seat here took a little break but now it
feels good you know get behind the wheel
again and today we're gonna be making a
little fried bologna sandwich timeless
classic oldie yet goodie or oldie but
goodie I think that's the same but
enough of that jazz let's get started I
got some nice rye bread little Bologna
that's its own thing fascinating little
project a little product there but you
know it crisps up real nice i what
started off we're gonna make a little
sauce I got a little little patty
mayonnaise here and a little mustard you
can use any kind of mustard I like alike
a you know I got a mix between a yellow
and like a coarse ground so it has a
little texture but still has that nice
nice color to it and we've got a little
Bowl real real simple real simple recipe
here certain special sauces people sell
their own and stuff I mean it's usually
just a couple of household condiments
thrown into a bowl you know but have
some fun if you want throw some capers
in here or something knock yourself out
but what I'm gonna do is just put a
little bit of OH mustard in there
I believe it's like two tablespoons and
they're a little bit of that old patty
mayonnaise one tablespoon patty mayonnaise
what's up from was up a nice show Doug
right yeah or was he cold Doug funny or
without his name done and patty
mayonnaise was done girlfriend right
love interest and what about who was
Skeeter Skeeter was just his buddy he's
funny Patti mayonnaise Skeeter and Roger
was the dick right yeah Roger all right
so I got that man the mayonnaise and the
mustard and then was gonna take a little
pickle here and I'm just gonna cut it
real fine just kind of mince it up and
fold that in there I think that's just a
that's just a solid you know that's a
solid you can put that on you know all
types of sandwiches and then yeah just
mention this up and you know I don't
have nothing crazy yeah nice nice this
was just like a dill kosher pickle
if you have some that you made your own
even better but uh I am out yeah I'm at
a homemade pickles you know they went so
fast you know they were delicious but um
I don't you know I could just go buy
some some cucumbers from the store but I
like to wait I like to do things and
it's easy you know in seasons you know
when the cucumbers are back I'll make
some more pickles and we'll add this
right in you'll do the whole thing
I forget off the top my head how much
pick holy calls for in the recipe oh you
like that Tom huh yeah so yeah it's just
uh you know a little maple and cherry
part of me but I forget the room that
real nice true that real nice folks on
Instagram reached out to me and we're
like you know we'd love to send you a
couple cutting boards I'm a woodworker
too on the side and I said please sure
send me something cool and the boy they
delivered little cherry maple door a
live edge on there but pop nice little
pattern I'm into it yeah mix that up
oh no before I say I think I said this
was a a kosher dill pickle I do believe
the recipe and that pickle is bread and
butter direct now that is well maybe not
know yeah thanks Tommy
whereas got a little bread and buttery
thing going you can use it use it though
you can use any picture you want though
and I'm scared a little bit a little bit
of black pepper
okay and then I add a little pinch of
salt I don't know if that's in the
recipe but hey that's cooking yeah
and we'll just give that a little mix I
mean recipes are you know they're for me
for me recipes are just kind of a you
know inspiration and guidelines you know
and then certain areas you can kind of
rip off on and do your own thing like I
capers if you wanted to but for the next
trick we're gonna take this just fine
product baloney here so yeah below
either there's like pork baloney there's
beef Bologna and then there's you know
did you sometimes there's a mix I
believe this is a mix between pork and
beef and yeah it's just a ground-up
product with fat and meat that turns
into you know get some bolsa fied and
then stuffed into a casing and cooked
weather probably with steam or like a
low tempered a I don't know I'm not
quite sure how they cooked it on a mass
scale but they cook it and then I you
know some salt and some spices and it's
really just a big emulsified sausage
yeah you know sometimes it's better you
don't see how the sausage is made
I imagine it's gross as hell but pointy
looks great now but yeah let me show you
so I got a little cast-iron skillet go
and heat it let me turn up when I put it
on medium okay yeah we'll let that warm
up and here's a little trick I learned
little trick I learned back in New
Jersey that's where I grew up my first
job I worked at a deli and I must have
cooked you know twenty five thousand Taylor ham making
cheese sandwiches and some folks called
pork roll I believe that's a little more
south or like Pennsylvania or something
but when you're cooking it it's a
similar product when you cook it on a
flattop or in a cast iron or something
it's gonna do to throw that in there
like this it would start to cup up and
then the inside would remain you know
unsere do you want to get that nice
caramelization on the Bologna so what I
learned with the Taylor ham and you can
apply it to anything like this
I just cut little slits in it okay yeah
like a little one-inch little little
boom
and that'll keep everything kind of
staying flat you know what I mean just
like that
now when you get it when I was doing it
back back in the day when we were doing
the Taylor ham it comes in like a big
roll you know and you would cut slits on
the whole roll and then put it on the
deli slicer like so and then you would
get all come out perfect boom-boom pork
propellers is what yes I might say never
heard that my life
pork propellers or I like the yeah we're
like you know like a the fireman's uh um
you know like when I have that little
you know where it says like New York
City firefighter so we're gonna bring
this over to the cast iron and cook it
up well throw one on as a sampler just
to make sure we're at the right temp
here oh yeah that'll do you getting that
yeah well throw that on there
[Music]
and if you wanted to give a little a
little cracked pepper on there a number
off that either you know if you just
throw it on there and then sear it it
kind of it's fine but it kind of burns
it a little and loses that like fresh
cracked pepper aroma that I dig and you
tell me it can become a little bitter so
I put it on I'll put it on after yeah
let that cook up but you see we got we
don't have that Cup in you know I should
have not cut one oh you guys are smart
you can probably figure out what it
would do
imagine oh that was very nice of you
very white glove oh yeah we're flying in
the uncut see what happens without them
without the split out the cuts they just
keep an eye on it again this probably
that Bologna's already cooked like we
mentioned so you kind of just want to
you're just caramelizing it crisping it
up heating it through oh yeah you're
getting that look we got a little bit of
coverage going and that's no bueno man
you're just gonna get that nice crisp
enos on the ring there on the outside
and the inside it's just gonna be hot
Bologna any of that great reminds me
Rose knew his toys back in the day oh
man where was like it kind of looked
like that and it was just like a cup and
you would like pop it and you'd put it
somewhere and you forget about it and
then like five minutes later
thing would go flying and hit the
ceiling or something what were they
called Oh like that so that's what I'm
looking for nice carmelization yeah
looks like Taylor ham basically is tell
her hand found that in New Jersey
Trenton I believe yeah see this no bueno
all right that's not what we're looking
for toasted toasted edges no Center
we'll give that one to Tommy
yeah you see what's happening here I
mean that's that ain't no fun
talk about inconsistent I mean which
looks better you tell me we're cooking
for the hell of it though oh yeah now
we're getting there bud look at that huh
turn it down a skosh Oh fried bologna
huh
smells fantastic
it is fantastic you know it's like you
don't need to go eating this every day
but uh little treat here and there you
know okay Uncle Tom he's coming over
here
we'll say Uncle Dave uncle Dave's coming
over a special day guys gonna watch your
ballgame or something make a little
fried bologna oh and we're moving great
yeah so we got a little bit of that you
know Bologna fat in the pants though
it's still hot just gonna do a nice
little toast there you know if you
wanted to add a little butter or
mayonnaise and make it real nice that's
up to you
but I'm not I like to do a little dry
like that I don't care personal
preference you know hold that down make
it nice I don't need to be crispy super
super toast you know but I just wanted
to warm up a little maybe get a little
bit of crunch to it but not crazy I kind
of like is the pride of Bologna has like
um you know not crispy but kind of a
little texture to it and I like the
bread that just be kind of warm and soft
so I just got some real nice I think
this sammich goes really well with that
with rye bread I mean you could use
anything if you're into like white bread
or wheat bread or pumpernickel sounds
pretty awesome whatever kind of bread
you're into but rye rye works for me
fish battle whoo this seems right it
seems right
yeah that's the stuff oh yeah a nice dry
toast man
underrated my opinion Morocco is
probably cringing at the idea toasting
your bread closing your bread dry on the
skillet no look how it came out now no I
don't think so you know the blue you so
much it's just like we got the
mayonnaise with the mustard and the
pickles this is a hell this is help
we're trying to eat healthier Chris
enough horsing around oh yeah this is
the stuff cool names gonna take a little
bit of that sauce we made mustard
mayonnaise pickle little salt little
pepper oh yeah nice I like chopping up
the pickle you know if you know if you
wanted to throw a little extra pickle on
there this certainly wouldn't mind but
this is cool because you know sometimes
you bite you don't get a pickle and
every bite or it falls off or this it's
everywhere maybe we'll do a little we'll
do a little fold like that okay yeah
yeah if you throw it ever ever kind of
green you want on there it's fine
without it if you're in the cheese knock
yourself out
but I like that a little bit of iceberg
lettuce you know a lot of people hate on
the iceberg but I think it's I think
it's delightful and then a you know if
you want this is optional you know we'll
treat it as like a little vinegar on the
letter on the on the sandwich just a
little splash in some of that pickle
juice on there you know brighten up the
lettuce little but I don't want to saw
get out too much just a little bit and
then the cut you know is it straight or
is it on an angle I think I think it's
it listen to my gut we're gonna go on an
angle
look at that bud how good that look it's
cool I guess we'll give it a little
taste here huh nice hmm
what's delicious got a Humvee flying and
we're having business now yeah little
fried bologna mustard mayonnaise pickles
mm-hmm iceberg lettuce a little arm yeah
pickle Brian mm-hmm right sounds
delicious right mm-hmm you don't want
you eaten at all but yeah a little
pickle get in there who's yours
no we talked about that already but um
you know we're a seasonal guy we're a
seasonal pickle kind of guy mm-hmm smell
that's bad yeah
we got bad thanks bud so yeah and then
you know it's not like I'm Madison
let the classiest the sandwiches but
doesn't mean it doesn't deserve a a
beautiful plate my buddy down in Austin
Texas Keith Krieger
hooked us up with this fine piece here
and you know I do believe no matter what
you cook it deserves to be put on
something nice you know super easy super
delicious very satisfying easy to make
you know whether it just be a good quick
snack or a little lunch or something
I mean that called dinner if you want
have some fun doing it and uh born up
team great I don't know why but fried
bologna owners reminds me of the Wayans
brothers you know the dad had the diner
the show the Wayans brothers Wayans Bros
and the dad Tom it might be low no you
know for the Wayans brothers boys
remember the dad's name is always I get
to be cooking and no
Oh was it a show it was a great show
yeah I don't know and the dad so the two
Wayans brothers they're like there was
like um well Shan Shan Shan and Marlon
right Dean well Damon he was a he wasn't
involved in this and he wasn't involved
in this project yeah so they were like
they were in the middle of like it was
like a train station or like a little
mall lobby and there was like a
newsstand that the Wayans brothers were
running and then the dad had a little
diner with the mom I think and yeah well
story short reminds me of Ryan below no
probably not
just in my mind I could see him like fry
and Bologna okay great show though yeah
another great story remember that one
tell you kids one day yeah

Title - Brad Makes BA's Best Pina Coladas | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
problem with meanie and pina coladas is
that I got money a little kid I think
it's just a slushy I drink four of them
in fifteen minutes and I'm hungover in a half
an hour but you know you do it a couple
times in the summer and it's worth it
especially when you're earning you know
you're on the beach all day it's hot you
go home and go somewhere and get two
little pina colada
you know the charge Ana's story cost ten
bucks make it at home pennies on the
dollar
[Music]
hey guys today in the Test Kitchen I'm
gonna be doing das beste pina colada
one of my favorite drinks believe it or
not perfect in the summertime you know
you got that little tropical coconut you
got a little bit of that you know the
pineapple you got a little rum a little
bit of lime juice this is a recipe I
made I really enjoy it so let's make it
together huh song I never heard of a
song about pina coladas anyway so yeah
you want to go find a nice ripe
pineapple and if you can't find a ripe
one let it sit out and on the counter
for a little bit you want to get a
little soft a little fragrant some
people I get they go like pulling the
some of these inner leaves out and if
they release easily it's ripe or
whatever but I just like to go by smell
in touch so we need half of this so I
like to take the top off cutting out as
much as the eyes and stuff they like to
call those little things eyes not really
quite sure why because you don't want
any of that nasty stuff in your drink
this is nice you can tell it's nice and
juicy you want something that's you know
almost a little overripe so the sugars
are real present and that's where all
that big pineapple flavor is going to
come from so then we'll take the core
out I just like to have it little
corridor it you can just cut that out
and then I just like to cut it into
little chunks small little bite-sized
chunks like that we're going to throw it
in a ziplock bag and freeze it until
it's completely you know frozen solid
so we want it to be a frozen drink and
why it might as well freeze this and
it's just gonna add to that nice
consistency you want in the pina colada
so we'll throw this into the bag and
we'll pop that in the freezer this would
be something to be nice to do like the
day ahead so we'll pop that in the
freezer come back probably about three
hours Oh
three hours later perfect
Rosen okay we have these Vitamix
blenders very nice I like to use
something that has a little bit of power
to it you know cuz I'm going to be
blending up ice frozen pineapple so
first thing I'll add is the frozen
pineapple and then here this is that
Coco Lopez and it's kind of just like a
real sweet coconut I'm not quite sure
what it is but it's very it's like a
coconut syrup secret ingredient Coco
Lopez you can find it in like just
general bad supermarkets or a good old
Jeff base no so sell to you pour that
right in but a little white rum in there
this is one cup it works it's a good
measurement if you wanted to add a
little more or knock yourself out a
little less or just no booze if you want
to make where they call him virgin pina
coladas take out the booze and you can
still have a good time you know
y'all need booze have a good time you
just need a nice frosty drink maybe a
little booze
this is unsweetened coconut milk that's
a nice little touch - gives it a little
bit of a little bit of creaminess a
little extra coconut flavor because the
pineapple is pretty dominant so the Coco
Lopez and the coconut milk really really
makes a nice combo and then I like that
a little bit of lime juice this is two
tablespoons and that just brightens
everything up helped all those flavors
pop cool so we got that I'm gonna add
ice we're gonna blend this up it's gonna
go all out in here
Oh Vitamix if you ever happened to see
this video I will have any more of the
top so I got to use this little glass
jar can we just get some tops all right
here we go
you ready
let me give it a little stir you don't
want to go blend in it too long because
as you're blending you're also creating
a lot of friction and it's gonna heat it
up and you know it is a frozen beverage
after all I'm gonna give it a little
stir Easter here you see it's got a nice
little frozen consistency sometimes you
know I know this says be its best but
sometimes run on the little twang I like
to throw a little half up or even a
quarter of a frozen banana in there
gives it a nice thickness and a little
little more roundness to it and then I
like to add sometimes just a little bit
of fresh mint and it gets like a little
speckling minty oh it's nice but we're
going to stay classic today so once
that's all mixed up we'll give it one
more little blend so it's got like a
decent little texture to it right now
you know like I don't look too bad right
what I like to do is you take the whole
blender put the top back on it and I
like to just pop it in the freezer all
right
get you get your glasses ready pop that
thing back on the blender oh so we had
this in the freezer for about twenty five thirty five
minutes and it starts to set up a little
bit keeps it real nice and cold it'll
help with the consistency of it I like
to give it a quick little quick little
judge in the blender nothing crazy just
to just to reconstitute everything now
it should be nice and frothy nice and
frozen drinkie and we got these nice
little glasses all right you can use
whatever you want we got these cool
little Tiki glasses a pint glass these
little cute guys these will work just
fine slice up a couple limes real quick
all right nice and froth nice
consistency there oh that's the stuff
and I like to do a little little dark
rum float or on the top just a little
extra little pal yeah you know if you're
at a bar you can ask for that they'll
charge you but you know yeah sometimes
it's worth it look at oh little cherry
on there look I got a little dark rum
here we're getting saucy and I'll do
another little blop of that oh that's it
little straw okay you know they just
don't make these things like they used
to let's god this one's a dollar store
Tommy alright good it's good enough boom
huh
keep your drink in the shade everyone's
happy and you don't have to do the dark
rum floater you know you can just go to
dish oh yeah that's
it well cherry all right my little red
straw so we know who's who oh mama hey
Molly and ei don't go running you guys
want a pina colada
hey where you going all right yeah look
at this look this one's for you oh look
this one's for you and if you wore
yeah you know what be a spare you think
tasted okay Lopez all right you know
I'll take that as a compliment Lucy son
you want to drink that in like five
minutes okay
but they're good and it's you know fun
times in the summer thought these guys
are cool
Gabby pina colada oh jeez where's are
these people in there sips yeah I made
this one just for you I have to be
working let's see now it's been sitting
out for a few so it could be wood it
should be a little more frozen all right
mmm like you're gonna take your bye okay
bye-bye
guess I'll drink all these cool I said
you can do freeze your fruit you know
your pineapple ahead of time
and just invite some friends over have
some fun it's a great you know everyone
loves a pina colada
especially you know it captures the
summer so before it's too late really no
August my favorite month of the summer
especially here in the East Coast
enjoying it make some pina coladas have
fun Bon Appetit Cheers
Tommy you're talking before about that
you know what everyone knows that pina
colada song but a little fun fact very
over I it was an English guy Rupert
Rupert Holmes okay he wrote it yeah you
like pina colada you know he was trying
to cheat on his wife huh see what
alcohol do folks and take

Title - Brad Makes Sous Vide Steak | Kitchen Basics | Bon Appetit
hey guys I'm Brad Leonie from going
after two d I will do that again hey guys
I'm Brad going a petite and today we're
gonna be talking about sous-vide it
sounds fancy but it's actually really
simple what you're doing is you're just
taking your protein you're putting it in
either a vacuum sealed bag or a ziploc
bag and you're submerging it in a water
bath that is maintaining a temperature
so it's sucking water in from the bottom
heating it and then shooting it out and
it's just continuously doing that until
all of the water in your vessel is at
whatever temperature you set it to and
then it's never gonna cook above that
for a long time it was very sheffy and
it was kind of intimidating and you'd
only really see it at like fancy
restaurants but nowadays the market has
really changed and there's a lot of
units out there simpler smaller units
that are designed more for the home cook
you could do a steak you could do a
whole pork shoulder you could do lamb
shanks you could do shrimp it all just
depends on different temperatures and
how long you do it today I'm gonna be
using a boneless New York strip steak
about one and a half inches thick set
aside some spices it's just a little
onion powder garlic powder salt pepper
and then I just have some rosemary and
some thyme and then this is just a
straight-up ziploc alright so one steak
I like to get it with a nice little fat
cap right in the bag you could season it
all before and you put it in I like to
just take it dump it right in half on
one side half on the other and then I
just give it a little little shaking
Suzie and then I just take a little bit
of some goo the time I got here and some
rosemary I like to just give it a little
light bruising release those oils and
then you shove that right in there as
you put one on each side now as you can
see if you were to just seal this you'd
have a lot of air in there when there's
air in the bag it's kind of like a big
balloon you know so it's going to float
and very crucial part of sous-vide is
that your food is submerged it has to be
otherwise they won't cook evenly let me
show you a nice little trick for how to
get the air out of these
[Music]
I like to start to seal it up you keep
one finger in there like that and then I
just have a pot full of cold water and
what I'm going to do is you put the
whole bag in there so as you push it
down all the water will push all of the
air out of the bag and then as you pull
it up just make sure you get a nice good
seal I mean that's that's not too bad so
put that one aside and then I'll show
you the vacuum sealer you're putting it
in either a ziplock bag or a vacuum
sealed bag these are the vacuum bags and
they come in just a big long roll I like
to cut them a little bit longer because
you got to leave room to seal I'll show
you
so yeah the vacuum bag so you put it
right on this little line here that's
the heat element where it seals the bag
and then it does all the work I always
do a double seal call me crazy but I had
an incident once and never again
I was sous-vide in something and it was
more of a marinade base and then I came
back four hours later and all the water
was red the machine was making noises
because there was a scallion stuck up in
it or something so yeah I just I always
double seal but these it's a little
harder to do that whole shake and bake
but I think I leave a little more room I
think we'll be able to get away with it
now very important you want to make sure
all this is clean for the most part
because it can interfere with it with
your sealing so you place that right in
there
so we'll vacuum seal this up
so yeah it's slowly just pulling the air
out you look at that and again I do a
double seal on this end as well
all right great so that's a double
sealed up nice and tight
we're good to go sous-vide has come a
long way when I first started hearing
about it it was these big machines that
cost two thousand dollars nowadays you know it's under
two hundred bucks you can get compact little
cylinder these are some older ones a lot
of them have analog controls where you
could punch in your numbers but this
device you can only run through an app
on your phone I'm a big fan of the Joule
it's actually very simple the interface
is very easy to work with I was a little
skeptical at first I'm kind of an analog
I like to see my buttons kind of guy but
it's skeptical as I've been I haven't
found a reason why not to like it yet as
long as you can plug it in you can put
it anywhere whether it be in a bucket
you can clip it on a cooler
we got a few coolers here I've never
done it in the bag but I guess you
probably could do them right in there if
you want yeah that's exactly so as you
can see our border is set to one hundred thirty degrees
so what I like to do is place it right
in the water the jet shooting right at
it fold this over and then I take those
little those little clips and just clip
that right on for the vacuum-sealed one
you can just drop it in I like to drop
it in behind this one and ymo Bama will
set the timer for two and a half hours
we come back and I'll show you how we
cook them let me go get the timer real
quick
what o seven timer that one so apparently a
nice little app here has a timer built
into it I guess it'll turn your machine
off when it's done or just don't hurt
you
I don't know so these have been cooking
up for two and a half hours and we're
gonna pull those out we'll let these
hang out for about ten-fifteen minutes it
makes for a better sear so look it looks
kind of gray kind of unattractive and
then this was the vacuum sealed one you
just cut that open yeah
as they're sitting out let them air dry
a little I'm gonna preheat a cast-iron
pan get it ripping hot and then you want
to get that thing super hot oh Jesus
daddy's breaking
yeah all right take one I've stopped the
cameras go away from Knowlton the move I
just got a sneak under here Oh
gotta get my laser yeah damn right he's
one of them cool so I got this nice
little instantly laser just for the fun
of it I'm gonna see how hot we are now
four thirty  to five fifteen so it buries a little bit
and we're just gonna let that get up to
around six hundred degrees and then we'll throw
the snakes on there I like to Pat them
dry just a little bit moisture is the
enemy of getting a good crust or a good
sear because if you put it in they're
still wet as you're building the crust
the moisture that's coming off of it is
essentially going to deglaze it off a
little more salt on there over here to
the skillet so what I like to do
actually is put a little bit of it on
the meat so I'm going to start by
searing that top I'm not pushing real
hard but just enough to get a little
crust oh so look that was about what fifteen
seconds I like to hold it for a second
let the pan recover for a minute and
then right down again I give a little
just a little bit of a push just to get
all the surface area down it's already
one hundred thirty degrees perfectly throughout the
whole steak now you just want to kill
that super quick crust at a hot pan yeah
now I'm going to turn it again if you
want to get a close-up shot you get that
crust bubbling
cool and again just like a normal state
you're gonna want to let it rest I like
to put a little bit more salt on it all
right so let's see what it looks like
yeah I've noticed with the sous vide
steaks though when you first cut it it
almost looks overcooked but as it sits
within a few seconds it actually starts
to change a shade into a nice medium me
comes out super tender let's give it the
old taste tester
it's kind of like a little bit of a
juice bottom and you get all that like
that garlic and onion and the aromatics
from the herbs it's delicious
so have some fun with it you know get
yourself sous-vide machine try different
things try some different flavor
profiles it's a real fun way to cook a
little differently set yourself up for
the week and get creative
buon appetito put that out there all
right great

Title - Brad Makes Party-Ready Cheesesteaks | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
all right guys it's Super Bowl Sunday in
case you wondered what you can make for
your guests we got a great idea just
make some cheesesteaks you know I'm not
going to go out and call it a Philly
cheesesteak because you know we do so we
had some of my personal favorites - and
I like peppers and onions
I put provolone cheese and a little bit
of white American not a big fan of the
melty the cheese sauce that's not really
my thing but for the Super Bowl but you
know nothing could be better than a
little cheese day we got our peppers and
onions so well you know I like to do a
little bit of a mix both red and green
adds a little bit of the flavor a little
bit of color looks real nice they make
me cry over here
I like that just a little pinch of salt
so I just add a couple tablespoons of
olive oil you can use vegetable oil I
just why not use olive oil and let that
heat up for a little bit and then we'll
add the peppers and onions right to it
medium heat and just keep an eye on you
don't want to get too too much color if
it starts to pick up color and look like
it's caramelizing a little too much turn
it down a little bit you can add a
little splash of water and just scrape
the bottom of the fan kind of he plays
it in a sense and that'll just keep it
in a real nice happy place you know
cheesesteak is there's nothing it's not
some lean piece of meat it's you know
it's kind of greasy kind of kind of
messy in a way and you know boneless
short ribs kind of delivers all that so
I like to cut them in half like that I
lay them out on the sheet tray like so
cut them in half long wise and then
we're going to pop them in the freezer
for forty minutes and and then we'll slice
them from there so we just pulled our
short ribs out of the freezer they're
nice and firm but they're not frozen I
cut them in two portions just so
everything's ready for when we get to
the griddle later eight ounce portions
per sandwich and I like to separate them
with just little cut-up pieces of
parchment so that when you're making
sandwiches you don't have to worry about
finding the right ratio of me you're
already ready to go break each piece of
paper as a Sam so we got our grill pan
heated up we got about medium high not
too hot but hot enough add a little bit
of oil to the skillet not too much
because the short ribs have so much they
have so much fat in them that you don't
really need to go crazy at an oil
because once it starts cooking it's just
going to get nice and
beautiful so kind of just start to chip
it out and almost not shred it but just
kind of break it up so you're not
getting these big staking bikes and it
eats really well as a sandwich just a
little bit of salt pepper not too much
and here we go we got our already
sauteed hot peppers and onions what I
like to do is a little bit of a
shingling of the cheese one slice of the
white American then a slice of the
provolone another slice of the white let
down nice and flat nice alright done
that shingle going yeah see a lot of
people think that when you first hit it
on the you know the flat top of the
grill or whatever you want to like
killing like yet like all your color
then but this is where you're going to
start to get your color you know all
this is gonna start happening right hold
it just and when we take it off the
grill pan you'll see do it'll be a nice
little Christmas aid on the bottle I
stick together yeah that's got vexing
that a little bit of softer meat on top
but by the time the cheese melts
everything
holy cow bread you see we got a nice
little crusty bits right into the foil
with the parchment give it a little rap
little fold like that and you just throw
that on your tray let that hang out for
a little bit but let them sit and that's
where the marriage happens the cheese
will melt even more everything kind of
sets up you don't want it super high it
almost want it just above warm and if
you don't want to wrap them up in foil
which you know I recommend you do if you
don't want to wrap them up in foil you
can just go straight to a platter super
simple easy to make crowd-pleaser great
for a party great for the Super Bowl
thanks for tuning in find the recipe at
Bon Appetit calm or in the February
issue do a little dip on there nice

Title - Brad Makes Grilled Stuffed Squid | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
you call this show something there had
France world know that we're never doing
nobody that good people hoping this is
they usually like say hey today on from
the test no oh it's just go okay coke
already they're just their size car -
hard action hey guys today I will be
showing you one of my favorite dishes is
a stuffed squid where we take the tubes
of the squid and the tentacles mix it
with some shrimp some scallions spices
and fresh garlic and ginger rice herbs
and I pipe it into the tubes and then
we'll grill them up we started off by
taking the bodies the tubes they're
already been cleaned they you know most
of them you get they can they can come
pre frozen that's fine
they actually freeze really well and I
really like cooking with squid because
it's a I think it's super delicious I
feel like a lot of people who don't like
maybe had a bad experience and it's also
you know one of the most sustainable
fish in the ocean so we're gonna start
off just with the bodies and then I have
a little a little dry rub that I
prepared it's mustard powder onion
powder salt pepper a little bit of
cayenne and some ground coriander so I'm
just gonna cover that over the bodies
here dunno a little pinch of salt you
know and just give a toss just run a
coat I'm nice and evenly and when I was
fooling around with this I was I wanted
to maybe do one where it's like a wet
marinade and I tried like pan frying it
but the driver up I just got a great was
a great result I like the way it kind of
like crusted and cooked on to the squid
your funny guy
your funny guy okay for my next trick I
want to take the shrimp was about you
know medium shrimp is about seven here
or something and then you know about the
same amount of tentacles from the squid
so when I buy the squid I just get asked
for a mix and then this we're just gonna
I'm just gonna mince this up so yeah
we're gonna mince these up and I'm gonna
mix it with some other aromatics and
stuff and we're gonna saute him and
sweat them down cook this sweat down
some of the aromatics and then mix it
with some cooked rice and this is going
to be the base for our first stuff squid
the filling and then yeah just chopping
these up just into small pieces
perfect and I'll just add that to the
bowl here so I really got the grill
fired up you want you want to grill real
hot so while you're doing all this
oh this stuff turn the grill up get it
going you want squid it's like fast and
hot or a leg low and slow you know to
get away from that kind of like tough
chewy
yes Gabriela I mean waiting for at least
for like a whole week
well Gabi I wouldn't want you to wait
any longer this is what kind of bottle
gourd so I got three scallions that I'm
just gonna slice up in three scallions
no one's paying attention this is gonna
be part of the feeling too good stuff
whistle cook with the squid I'll show
you
okay we're gonna add scallions to the
squid make sure yeah I got four cloves
garlic and I go one inch trunk the
ginger then a microplane May just a
little pinch of salt you know for good
measure
lemongrass
Oh smells so good one of my faves I'm
just gonna cut this kind of a thin piece
I was going to cut a little bit into
real real real thing little rings like
we did this guy oh yeah what a great
ingredient I put it crush it hole like
this don't throw that away he crushed
that I put it in your soups and your
stews Ted beautiful yeah a little Fresno
chili I'm gonna do just about half of it
same things gonna cut it up in the
little rings and then we'll mince it up
you know different layers that he I like
to have more than just one element if
you beautiful so yeah okay
oh this here Tommy yeah this is my
clipboard can't leave them at it man
this is where I do uh you know I write
things down so next we're gonna do the
tablespoon ponzu we roughly a tablespoon
of gochujang which is a nice fermented
chili paste that's good stuff and then
we'll do like say you know tablespoon or
two of olive oil it will do a little
pinch of our mixture that we put on the
out on the outside nice cool and you can
probably do on it too you can probably
do this ahead
you can even stuff these things ahead
and then just cook them off you know if
you were having a party or friends over
for dinner or something like that but
this could probably be made ahead - this
would be good just sauteed and put on
overpriced Oh a pitchfork
yeah delicious
okay the hell are we doing oh we heat up
my cast iron again we want this hot -
it's a squid and we're gonna cook this
down only gonna take about two minutes to
cook it through so I'll take it down and
then we're gonna mix it in with some
rights so yeah I've got some cooked rice
here is just a medium grain white rice
and we're gonna use about a cup and a
half cooked give or take just a little
tear ikkaku which is the Japanese rice
seasoning that's got dried bonito sesame
you see we probably some msg and we put
that on the already stand that's nice so
we'll let that hang out let's go start
this
[Music]
no there's oil in this yeah I got only
one to make sure innocent dogs don't
have to be too too wet with the oil
don't let that cook down let the shrimp
and the and the sweet chemical is cooked
scallions start to leak yeah we want to
remove as much like water not that
there's a ton in there such what the
scallions and stuff play moisture kind
of cook out the dew step ponds do a
little so that when we mix it in with
the rice it's not a real real real wet
stuffing cuz we're running hot we don't
want it to really burn I mean you can
pick up a little color and it's kind of
deep glazing itself as it goes but you
don't want to go walking away from this
one that's for sure oh that's it smells
so good that makes me water just having
a big bowl of ramen I guess see I got a
fish broth ramen fish stock ramen I put
it just a big scoop of that right in it
with the noodles ooh so now I was gonna
take our cooked squid and shrimp and
some of those aromatics and dump that
over the rice
and just kind of mix it in and if it's
looking like it's got too much shrimp to
rice ratio should add a little bit more
how we're looking at rental isolation
I'm feeling good about this nice you
just chop up some herbs do we have
little parsley and cilantro tender stems
included I put these in last because
that was hot we didn't want to cook them
and the hot rice so we're kind of like
wilt them out right at the end I just
fold them in and then this would be a
good place to let me if you want the
riff around with it
tarik I would probably be really good in
it basil Thai basil would be awesome if
you got it I'm gonna do a little splash
more ponzu then we'll do a little
special
through the stuffing of the bodies I've
done it without it it's doable it she's
kind of a real pain in the ass with the
spoon they get a little slippery but
then like the pastry piping bags work
great super cheap beautiful we got our
filling in the piping bag you want to go
dip in the ends you know just they were
you about you know about the size of a
dime or so because what eventually
you're just gonna you know pipe it into
there so when you cook these on super
high heat on the grill or anything
they're gonna make it contract pretty
pretty drastically as soon as it hits
that heat just wants to sink in and it's
gonna it's gonna probably lose a third
of its size so you don't need to go pipe
it in this thing you know to the gills
here you just all show it in there like
so then you just do a little puff top
and squeeze and pull so you see how that
is
it's like filled up like right there we
have that little bit left over I kind of
just flattened it a little and you want
that little bit of hanging that little
bit of not filled yeah you do these a
little bit ahead of time you know Oh
Susie man Mary you're having a barbecue
again bring hamburgers and hot dogs I'm
gonna bring stuff squid don't worry
about it I got it oh this one's got a
hole in it but that's okay we don't need
to throw it away
in that case I've just filled a little
less and I leave a little bit of room on
each side and just keep it kind of in
the middle like that and let it just
kind of snap and closing if it was
filled more to the brim which is a bad
idea it starts to kind of push out it'll
probably even do it to these and the
rice kind of just soaks up all that
squid broth kind of juice and it just
makes her a really flavorful inside why
not stop squid another there you go Bon
Appetit we're never gonna go now we're
gonna go grill them boom right I'm gonna
drop it right here you like
I think to start the contract I'll do it
in batches you don't want to looking
crazy and this thing's on hotman full
gas boom see how it's already starting
to suck in there
and I thought if he's got a lot rolling
him around those yeah they kind of just
see where all that extra if that wasn't
there we overfilled it it would be it
would have been just pushing out and
they will even still do that a little
bit now and some of the filling as it
cooks sometimes will start to kind of
pop out a little bit at the end I like
to use the tongs and just kind of trying
to just push it back in a little you
just want to keep it right because we
are the grill is on super hot and they
you know the insides already cooked but
you just want to keep rolling it around
and try to get an even browning on all
the sides and as I start to char up I
kind of move them over towards the end a
little so them hang out keep hot cook
through a little bit but they they cook
you know that really it just in a couple
minutes and even I like to put them up
on their sides on these little little
grill grate so that stands up nice you
can either char the side I'm pretty cool
is that nobody's doing that yet
I run a hot dog bun no we're not putting
it on a hot dog bun Chris you guys
should have some hot dog buns in reserve
just and we have some potato salad we're
not doing it finally those pyrotechnics
like all sausages got my own plate oh
yeah well Keith Craig's baby handmade
handmade you know it's a celebration all
right
let's lay some of these bad boys up
where I'll go I want you to take a peek
nice great
does it get sauced no fifty people in the
office ketchup on it in my hot dog bun
though right
oh you two and a half years old I've
been hanging out with my kids too much
look at that cross cut like great
cross-section yeah right really really
neat is awesome hmm I'm super flavourful
chili heat it's like right there
real nice but the Urbanus kind of pulls
it back a little bit
whoo got a little heat oh yeah but like
not like but it's complex see what a
rogue's gallery of flavors it's got
nowhere to hide right right
pretty good job well done super easy
dish for the most part cheap for the
most part and it's just different it's
fun I mean it almost seats it's spicy
you want to have it like a cold beer or
a lemonade or something you know scream
summer super super great just you know
just a beautiful protein and yeah hope
you guys make it I'd love to hear what
you guys do it's great in the old
comments below anything like that and
yeah if enough of you guys request this
maybe they'll make me write it up as a
formal recipe but for the most part
cooking's about having fun rip around
this is just an inspiration piece
have fun bone Appetit all right yes good
stuff
good thing it's not a recipe oh I'm
sorry you can every want to make this
recipe don't swipe up or anything like
that don't go on be a car just watch the
video a thousand times and take notes
[Laughter]

Title - Trying Everything on the Menu at NYC's Most Famous Burger Restaurant Ft Brad Leone
I'm Alex Fellini and today I am standing
outside of one of my favorite places in
the world it's a burger institution on
the Upper East Side of Manhattan I'm
talking about JG melon I'm gonna hit
every single menu item here that's one
of everything on the menu
entrees salads sandwiches couple drinks
along the way too and I've got a friend
my coworker Brad Leone
so enough chitchat let's get to it
[Music]
two big guys that small table so Delaney
JG melon yeah you know you've been
talking about it for years
JT melon is an institution it is a New
York institution opened in nineteen seventy two
two guys Jack and George the J and the G
their burgers highly regarded in New
York as one of the best if you ask me
I'd say it's the best we'll see you
bribe me that easy
you know take me out to dinner so lady
let's take a look man you won buddy yeah
but before we dive into missus we need
the samples we're ordering one of
everything in the menu we're taking one
perfect bite we get to decide how we
order and at the end we'll give awards
to the best dishes all right before we
even get to ordering let's look at the
menu what about we do our little soup
hands
yeah and then we do sandwiches like
burgers yeah then salad so we do have
nice little crispy break before we get
into the head mode oh so you're not
trying to be like Wade downing you know
it just seems you know it's a marathon
not a sprint that's the saying that I
think with each category of food we
should do one drink all right Brad we
got our game plan down are you ready to
do this yes do it when is it too early
to be drinking you know and this is time
in a place where ever the time for a
Bloody Mary is right now I love Bloody
Marys you have to try this oh this is
the bloody bowl that gives you the
savory thing okay so the bloody ball
this is like you're getting smacked in
the face with beef Boyan it's really you
mommy forward I would dial back the
bullion a little to fours but I answer
cool I it's a coin yeah I like the
noodle shape not yet
wasn't exciting unit that's all chicken
noodle one down on to the next
mozzarella and Carozza is at mozzarella
in between two pieces of bread it's like
a savory french toast my dream come true
oh yeah I've never wanted this before
pretty good that yeah I think it's like
french toast mozzarella the French the
Italians working together keeping it
savory that's delicious in a real kind
of cheap fun way you know yeah all right
just one bite one bite I want to take
two so that pace yourself
well Cheers what are we drinking here
buddy little allagash white oh yeah that
Bloody Mary that's the only thing we're
gonna waste everything we don't eat the
crew is gonna eat mustard sandwiches a
turkey club okay pickles I like that a
nice crispy nice on the toast you can
see there's mayo on it bacon looks
crispy mmm good that's a good turkey
club a good mayo ratio to that's one of
the better of certain clubs I've had in
a while you've heard it whew yeah now
you get this thing's gotta get out of
here yeah chicken breast sandwich comes
with salsa pickles lettuce tomato onion
one bite oh that chicken sauce it go
texture on the outside still moist on
the inside
it's a breast that seems to be
butterflied and then directly on the
griddle maybe even pressed so very soft
well roast beast this is the most
important thing cookie-san for me God
was super thinly sliced steak sandwich
this is thinly slice I like its
simplicity
you can tell they put the time of day I
would order that again yes bacon lettuce
tomato otherwise known as the VLT VLT
it's pretty perfect crispy thin bacon
but it still has a little bit of chew to
it because each bite is easy all right
get this thing out and we either go
grilled cheese tomato bacon huh the fact
that you're not just doing one layer of
cheese that's important
people at the office disagree with me
but if I'm eating grilled cheese come on
American cheese just feels very homey I
like the way that tomatoes get hot would
order again so right on the list it's
not it's basically the plum without the
bacon so all the turkey though little
foam and pepper there are bees that if
you tell this came out of an oven it's
not dry but it's not like
artificially moist obviously brand I'm
not sure if you're aware this is non
sandwich this I would describe as a
diner humbug one of the worst things in
the world is when you get a diner omelet
things are just totally drawing or super
or super wet like water and this is that
nice image we have one bite pal sorry
yeah we got like one category down man
we made our way through sandwiches and
this is like the most torturous way to
eat here's one bite and then go back to
being hungry and waiting all day
hi Brad we're about to get into Berger
territories I'm like now getting nervous
because I am confident that this is my
favorite burger I've been like I've been
really hyping this up to you I'm sure
given by what we've been eating so far
they're gonna keep it keep it going with
the burger turkey burger so this is not
the burger this is a burger it's the
turkey burger admittedly not what I come
here to order but I've actually never
tried it I like how it's kind of like a
smash burger over there it is that's
what it's gross out nice and seasoning
textures good told you don't honk me
know sometimes you just one yep I used
to live ten blocks down the road this
place was referred to by me as church
because I would go once a weekend sit at
the bar by myself oh that's have a
single beer you don't just get the
burger like we get the burger and the
cottage fries of course and then you
need to get the chili at the same time
that's church it's almost like the way
it's set up to eat almost like a little
well I guess not really at all Oh
what they call like a little bit pews
you know it's got the wooden things are
there we're going to open that bar just
our own call it's a thing we do get me a
precinct cold yeah big-time ma'am
there's no bars no you don't even have
to wear some silly outfit no you do have
to call us god I mean just one small
detail
so this is the trifecta right I say we
do this start with the garbage truck
yeah yeah and then you gotta go
Kanna try into the chili get a little
cheese get a little onion look at the
perfect bite all right going right oh
yeah come on no problem no problem but
this is probably the most polarizing
french fry in new york because it
doesn't really look like a french fry at
all you got the coin exactly it looks
like exactly it's a pickle chip you got
the one it leans towards service area so
it gets super crispy great for dipping I
think it's brilliant burgers up is super
good right so we ordered you got the
classic I got the bacon let's just talk
about the bread real quick I love that
it's not a brioche bun it's a homemade
humble bunny still squishy though not
it's like a shatter it's like nice it's
got a light toast look at that you ain't
getting exactly a stroke that's why you
use the griddle man yeah JJ does I love
whispers all right one bite one bite
dude do it
fantastic that makes me so happy all
right so not too thick not too thin too
thin
yes I feel like a little de Hamburglar
you know you like a little sack um oh
yeah tight bundle burger bundle trade
market that's where the money's coming
it's got the right fat content in there
it's still a moist burger it's seasoned
properly there's salt to it it's not
letting that other stuff get in the way
it's okay here's your burger the patty
itself is a secret blend it's a beef
patty oh my gosh this is chuck with a
little short rib chuck short rib I feel
like that the mystery is part of the
appeal
yeah let them they got it down they can
worry about that and it's like you know
I get your church you go I just have a
little faith oh my god that's a good
line bread isn't the best burger in New
York City but it is a fantastic burger
all right that was the main event who
killed the burgers now I'm just trying
to make it towards the desserts but we
got some work to do in between all right
yeah that sounds and entrees left we got
our martinis ready I'm a channel in life
my mom here do you think we have enough
Salas busy busy you know what it's
usually busy yeah every Thursday we got
the rare Bernie
we got the rare glimpse of an empty JG
start with the spinach salad mushrooms
feta cheese I appreciated that the
dressings simple simple vinegar all
right where we going next
that looks like the house the JG version
may be a little chubby okay thank you
Brad simultaneously on show and greeting
the people go ahead do it
that's efficient use a little more
dressing little more seasoning yeah
slice chicken little pie are checking
off hook
I want more more dressing on top all
right last one bacon mushrooms spinach
straightforward classic yeah thank you
good yeah this isn't a salad joint when
they do have quite a few of them was the
best seller I had to pick two I'd
probably go JB Nisswa yep and the
spinach and bacon
I liked the mushroom feta situation yes
big all right get him out of here bread
you need a little Beaujolais in your
life a little red wine for the rest of
the meal if you can't tell we're doing
another speed round all of the entrees
coming out at once
what's your eye drawn to first probably
the mahi-mahi
I love fish and rice I mean it's just I
could eat that all glass you ever catch
my money I'm betting you have yeah you
driving around in the ocean in the boat
you know yeah and you see like some like
debris floating and they're always
hanging they're always gonna be around
when you catch one you keep it on line
and the other one will come up right by
your throne unhooking catch to read fun
fact for you yeah that's just clean nice
texture I'm not fishing all day Merton
say there's a fish nothing roast hen is
there anything more depressing than
getting gummy poultry skin definitely
worse things but but yeah it's horrible
I get your point
very nicely rendered skin I give eat
that whole thing go wrong easily needs
hearts heart looks like we're talking
with some Jovi's here you got the capers
in there you need some kind of like
salty rice element car looks like a
football player there's a little
horseradish eating going on that too
actually pretty good
this is nineteen seventy two plating but the flavor
right there all right so this is the
chopped steak
nothing cheeseburger without the bubble
this is good little bite here sorry keV
it's part of the job but right cheering
I just oh yeah
I would make that for dinner the last
entree yeah we got the sirloin yes nice
here please will salt needs a little
salt
also we even talked about this that
kitchen is tiny the fact that they're
doing this with that tiny kitchen is so
sick yeah cranking about I bread top
three I'll do the hand for sure the Chop
do its job it's like unexpect
nice well silence sleeper was the fish
it was good we got our entrees done it's
no kind of you know a little bit finish
listen Amaro little Fernet for digestion
well Cheers huh yeah so for net is a
style of Amaro it's actually medicinal
beverage but now it's a digestif
something that you drink after dinner
and fernette the dominating flavor is
mix this is like my preferred
after-dinner beverage oh dear oh yeah we
got the whole dessert spread final stage
in the show
let's not chocolate okay boys chocolate
Clara approve touch sweet that's sugar
is poison host
Debbie Downer no but it's true gives you
diabetes and you feel you heal on yeah
get in there
custard is truly one of the greatest
things I'm told I'm rarely geeky on me
Joe but it's nice it's nice all right be
done it's actually not that bad that
sweet that's actually that's a bat
that's odd all right
New York classic Airy not super dense
got that nice tang I know I wanna well
you can only have one leg you're right
Apple sour cream walnut oh well you like
the layers super thinly sliced apples
like just almost like a crepe cake yeah
this is a situation on top or chrome
rowboats nice seasonal for the five-o
hands down yeah top three I'm going
berry I'm going T scape and then go an
apple and then maybe the key lime we
have ordered almost everything on the
menu
there's one thing left and it just so
happens to be the most expensive thing
on the menu
yeah well it better not be a cheesecake
it's a tie are your necktie
Helen isn't a necktie are they the same
color no come on switch Wow thank you I
feel like I didn't have a choice
this has been on the menu since day one
really day one has never left the mini
always had a melon on Oh
we've officially ordered everything on
the menu now we got to give the people
the results in the first category is the
go-to it's the regular it's the Grail
it's the reason that I'm here it's the
thing I want to order every single time
and for me it's not just one thing it is
three it's the burger the chili the
cottage fries
that's the Grail cheeseburger classic
simple full of chili so you can dip your
cottage fries in there China right there
with you I think that was a pretty
perfect combination
I think they nailed the little package
of what makes a burger and to me a
burger second category the thing I'm
coming back for it's what I want but
it's not my first ball day two I'm
getting in Turkey it was on point
one hundred percent agree it was on point you know get
a little side of cottage fries at that
saticons the turkey club that was like
everything I wanted it was like it was a
perfect thirty brought perfect Turkey
lastly it's the dark horse it's the
insider scoop it's the thing that people
might not think about but a regular
would know that's the hen for me I was
into the head I agree with you man it
just it was crispy everything was that
kind of fall off the bone but not like a
mess yeah everything was super good
evening the time next wedding for sure
rye bread we ordered one of everything
we got our ties we got our Fernet we did
it yeah maneater walked thanks for
joining
yeah thank you man thanks for having me
as the saying goes
[Music]

Title - Brad and Andy Try to Make the Perfect Turkey and Cranberry Sauce | Making Perfect Thanksgiving Ep One
you pick your battles this big it's like
a marriage you know developing a recipe
with someone especially Andy it's
compromised it's hanging about my
peppercorn
I'm Bruce you wanted the arm but an
openness you know so you could evolve an
on Tuesday right we're not building a
home grudges not expressing what can be
learned here besides Thanksgiving dinner
like it okay we don't have time to screw
around yeah I will not be the last thing
on that table
we're sizzling over here
that's one yeah for sure
[Music]
it is so GZ good I can't find the fennel
Brad I have the fennel seeds all right
I'll keep looking in our perfect
Thanksgiving celebration there should be
a turkey great Andy there should be
definitely a turkey
maybe it's home maybe it's not maybe
it's smoke maybe it's fried who knows
who knows so you don't feel like there
has to be one presentation of like the
whole perfectly clean ever turncoat
minutes true that that's not the optimal
way to cook that's never perfect because
it's a bad way to cook turkey eggs
overcook they cook differently than the
breasts right right definitely roasted
whole and see like where we get I'll put
low and slow on here I'm putting polar
parts we haven't really touched on
brining I think the other flavor gets in
every by like maybe a little fish sauce
in the brine
sure no making duck style turkey oh yeah
crazy road car ah gay style fried turkey
I mean it's not about it yeah I think a
deep-fried turkey is very delicious I
doubt the majority of people dude you
gotta go to the hardware store it's like
a whole thing I've heard they're amazing
I've never had a deep-fried turkey yeah
we're gonna try it out whoever's doing
it should try it right fried yeah and
it's delicious Andy and I were chatting
about
do I like a kimchi buttermilk and then
deep frying it okay Andean bread since
you have been off lining about Turkey
why don't you guys take the turkey let's
do it let's get weird okay great yeah if
you have a condiment it's cranberry
sauce and that goes with the turkey I
feel like you guys have to you got the
plum assignment you have I'm cranberry
today okay with that I actually love
cranberry sauce man yeah me too I love
the sauce
all right so have you got the turkey
cranberry sauce so Annie we're a signed
with Turkey and in the lovely cranberry
sauce yeah that's a step up from tomato
sauce from last make it beautiful these
are some notes from the meeting chicken
fried turkey you wrote that barbecue
spiced turkey that sounds good low and
slow agreed we're dry brine oh god here
we go
low and slow like crazy a deep-fried
turkey let's see if we could get away
with that heritage breed verse
conventional the conventional bird okay
it'll dabble with some with some species
turkey wing smoked smoked turkey wings
watch it's a whole platter of I mean
Thanksgiving actually not the worst idea
worst idea it's certainly not like
you're going to a carnival one
philosophical question how good can
turkey actually be fantastic
ah yeah okay sweet dough right over your
shoulder
I love turkeys fantastic hunger radius
we have some ideas I say we look at
maybe different varieties let's try to
figure out which bird we want to use
exactly start digging into flavor
profile break it down so you can go
dimensional call yeah I'll call it
conventional we got like our organic
free-range
seeing some sunlight ideally crashed
around yeah
scratch around that's good you know I
imagine it would also just be more tasty
but this is not an aged bird and it's
like that that if we're talking about
that then we would go like a heritage
bridge yeah where you have more like
specific species and they tend to be a
little more that's a gain here but like
a little more lean if you're cooking a
bird once a year you make it nice had a
good one you know and the money spent
your four dollars
all right let's look at the yeah getting
this Birkin alright right off the bat we
got our conventional bird how can you
tell us conventional color you got your
little when it's done little popper
there you know that pop it's supposed to
pop when it's one hundred eighty when it's overcooked
so maybe that one hundred eighty yeah yeah okay no good
then I returned around three hundred ninety nine pounds pretty
cheap questionable upbringing I reckon
so
okay like us hormones antibiotics
preservatives all the not-so-great
things to us Agra gin that discoloration
I'm not seeing that on the other birds
that just looks like sickness and I feel
bad for this got a rough time I'm sure
it's worked for for many many many
people that's fine it serves its purpose
for the sake of quality we'll call it a
you say the last resort the last resort
okay next birth huge difference in color
this is a broad breasted white that's
what it's called six hundred ninty five a pound standard
American Turkey from Lancaster
Pennsylvania so there's a free-range
turkey cage-free was able to roam around
hormone-free pasture raised it already
looks pretty beautiful the reason why it
looks pink is I think because the meat
itself has a little bit more pink
redness healthy look to it you can tell
this one's been been treated with
something and yeah I'm from the broad
breasted white never been frozen fresh
sure looks it looks nice it's great now
we got the dinosaur breeding yeah but
even for that so this is Kelly Browns
heritage breed thirteen thirty five a pound big jump big
jump and what we're at fourteen pounds E and
you do the math you're looking at a buck
fifty plus easy yeah yeah for sure this
is definitely your most expensive one
out of the three did you see the little
ankles I know it looks dinosaur bird
slow growing breed mature wind process
alright till they let it live it's not a
young you know letting it live out of
Turkey life hand plucked hand plucked I
can see I mean oh it's still still got
its dino feathers and then grown in the
wild in the woodlands giving the meat
flavor texture because it's doing its
natural thing it's exercising its around
there scratching around it's it's a type
of big chicken you know they need to go
out and forage also like the flesh
itself in the skin
has taken on a darker tone and that's
because they aged it for seven days I
love that yeah so I imagine this would
have the strongest flavor I'm very
curious to try this and taste it getting
their little needle nose pliers or
something you can clean this bird up but
if you cook that like that those things
are gonna burn a little get a little
nasty they're gonna burn em up yeah I
think it would put some people off the
big thing about this besides like the
fact that it's quite expensive and the
feathers is that it's probably difficult
to find
why don't we roast these birds up no
crazy brine yet just salt them just just
we could taste it yeah let's just taste
them okay dimensional free-range dyno
the dyno looks sexy it looks so good I
can't make how big and full it is like
porcupine yeah that means the guy who's
gonna pick one out don't either oh they
come out don't need that what oh no Andy
oh you savage have you seen Black Swan
yeah you're gonna turn into one so this
is the conventional bird this is with
the Lord knows what kind of hormones the
purpose of this test was to taste the
quality of the turkey before we get into
Brian's before we get in the flavor
profile yeah I mean I'm gonna tell you
right now yeah this breast is so goddamn
dry woof it is dense so I'm giving you
Center of the breasts okay thank you sir
it's quite tough I don't love how it has
like he's weird like this film of almost
jelly like that never dissolves or
breaks down it's just this a stem brainy
thing this is just a flap on the thigh
it's still a little tough kind of dry it
what Sudan experts move on this is the
free-range bird
I'm sure it's nice it's it's a darker
color the skin looks less like wrinkly
and more Karner tight on it uh-huh
the meat itself looks better well really
collar on yours yeah I know right
it has like a boat yeah it has that pink
hue to it
undercooked it's just this is just the
color of the flesh yeah whoo that's the
piece right there way better texture the
texture and the flavor are it's
unbelievable how different exact same
cooking time salt pepper look even the
breast has that little bit of a little
bit of color to it takes a piece of the
breast come
the texture is unbelievable in Ain a
good at the texture is great yeah look
out stringy this one is it well that
connective tissue just never really got
anywhere and with the free range it's it
doesn't it breaks down way easier it's
way more tender it's time insane
actually I can't believe that different
okay are you ready for this one
yeah I can't wait to see what this thing
looks like this is that yeah the
Heritage we were coming I was calling
the Dino bird whoa it's like pockets of
juice well
suction I could do surgery Jesus I do
feel like we need to pluck these out
just peel them just peel the skin off
the flavor is a lot more more mature
like it's very it almost tastes like
like real nice stock I don't know if I
love the flavor it tastes like roasted
turkey star it's a touch gaming for me
oh it's delicious yeah you like it the
flavor of it it's pretty awesome okay
this is the thing right off the bat
don't do it I really looking at it makes
me say that but the price it's quite
cheap but then also the quality is right
there to get what you pay for exactly
and the difference we found from me from
here to here I mean it was it was worth
that extra three bucks with the heritage
breed you're paying a lot more money but
you got to be a panther if you're really
into that spend the money and go for it
I don't know if it's worth it to be
spending like probably you're spending
like a hundred and seventy bucks for one
bird and I have to say I really just
like the kind of middle ground what do
you get with it was range this was
really good the breasts were really nice
actually than the breasts were the best
ones out of the three for sure
hands-down I think it was our winner
it's a range yeah the free range I think
this is a great vehicle to to make the
perfect turkey now we got to talk bronze
bright it's dry it's wet but no matter
what we were brining the bird right okay
let's take a look at the wet brine and
dry brine Turkey do one of each and then
we'll go from there okay so we have a
wet brine over here and we have a dry
brine yeah a dry brine over here it's a
mix of diamond crystal kosher salt and
light brown sugar it was chilling for
about twenty four hours it absorbed all the salt
I imagine it's gonna get really nice
once you put out of the oven it's gonna
get a nice potato skin yeah which is
nice this one over here is a same
diamond crystal kosher and white sugar
brine same birds with this test we're
just really trying to figure out if
we're gonna go with wet or dry yeah
which works better little oil on top
just gonna help with coloring okay we're
gonna get these in the oven
they're gonna take a couple of hours I
think in the meantime I think we can go
to someone that I think we both trust
very Travis my trout you don't forget
that no no no no we spoke her about
tomatoes in the sauce episode for making
perfect one why do you look at tomato
especially at high heat you're bringing
out to other pigment lycopene and ludian
and they give a real nice rich red color
to the product let's get her on the
phone and we'll pick her bringing a
little bit about dry dry rub versus wet
I rosemary thank you for for taking the
time to chat with us right now we're
dealing with wet brine versus dry brine
what is the benefit of brining the real
advantage to brining is Moises when you
have drier meats like the breast I think
that's where Bryan works the best what
would that Vantage be with a dry brine
and a wet brine yeah we go near a
microscope what's happening basically
what's happening is we have salt that's
diffusing across the membrane of the
meat cells the wet brine is kind of
cumbersome I think you probably found
that out right so it's really the water
and the salt that were that we're
working with that's gonna do all of kind
of the magic if you will so the dry
brine is different the dry brine it just
brings out flavors kind of like salt
does and then it's also at the surface
so it's gonna help increase browning as
well the dry brine is the way to go
you're gonna have a nice moist Turkey
that's seasoned well and it's also gonna
have really nice you're gonna get a nice
dark brown crispy skin it's pretty I
guess that's good because of it the wet
brine SOG it's in it's in water so it's
just you would have to almost dry that
out for an additional period and
get that kind of golden brown crispy
exterior that's exactly it
now this is a question I just thought of
right now you know when you do like
Fried Chicken where it's like buttermilk
brine say if you did that with Turkey
would there be any benefit I would not
do with Turkey okay with Turkey it's
very dry the acid in essence cooks it
denatures the proteins on the outside of
the meat and you get a little bit of a
textural problem there Oh interesting
super helpful we were definitely
thinking about buttermilk for a moment
no terrible idea the thing that caught
me off guard was the buttermilk like we
were really hurting all because I almost
didn't ask she goes with her with the
dry method she puts a bit of sugar and
that sugar actually can't penetrate the
actual flavor profile yeah as long as
the skin is crispy and then we're
retaining the moisture and the meat
seasons oh look it's like a really
delicious moist meat and then having
this kind of big golden like flavorful
crust on the outside perfect making
perfect all right enough yappin that
let's pull our wet brine and our dry
brine turkey out of the oven and give
the old taste tester why not all right
so we got our dry brine and we got a rep
rate our web right
I mean visually they look very different
took on it clearly a deeper more
golden-brown color compared the wet
brine let's start with the way okay skin
not doing anything for me on the leg no
I think it's gonna be about any browning
is just like it's just sock city little
thigh flap that's pretty good
know that there really is tender it's
delicious
the leg is never really the problem no
all right the real test is right here
dead center breast see let's see what
we're messing with here it's not some
moisture look that's pretty good pretty
good let's try the dry shall we oh me
out right just love it's got awesome
texture it's way
saltier in a good way labor for it is
more in the textures better alright like
I said legs easy part
give it a little push test oh it's
dripping with moisture all right here's
a refresher memory this is the wet brine
wet brine breast dry brine no no this is
better yeah this somebody looks like a
pretty nice bird you good yeah people
don't know how yep and it just has salt
a bit of sugar I mean we didn't even put
butter on this bad boy
nothing I'm dry Brian all the way with
the with the free-range bird alright
we're getting somewhere
yeah we are now it's flavor profile well
go we'll try to figure out a few things
we're gonna grab some butter grab some
prices Oh watch me juggle yeah
one two three
I can't juggle but I tried I feel like
I'm wearing no pants it's so exploded
we're doing them lemons but nothing here
we go throw it on the tray take a deep
breath let's think this through
alright gochugaru korean red chili
flakes that sounds delicious
fennel coriander sumac no oh I love
sumac and we're moving well we're gonna
try different flavor combinations for
the master dry brine this is what you
need to start a half a cup diamond
crystal kosher salt and one tbsp light
brown sugar for twelve to fourteen down
that's the ratios for salt and sugar I
found to be really did you play well
give her a range okay and then the rest
is just outside flavor but the outside
flavoring I'm going with I think we can
do a nice tablespoon whole coriander
seeds okay so this is powder I'm just
gonna add it to this yeah
turmeric is like a fantastic die there
is just gonna stain everything I'll eat
too much tumeric you can go bitter but
go ahead one forty two tablespoons of
whole time all right you got your human
did you get cumin yeah I got cumin hold
on okay I would never have added the
turmeric in this this is awful now it's
not gonna be properly integrated it's
gonna be all messed up
I I think he picks me back up because I
can go dark you know and it's a constant
battle between good and evil and and
with him I feel like he's not gonna need
well just like it's like I wanted to be
perfect and he's like no we're just
gonna we're gonna make a work we're
gonna make a work so no you can't buy
the human who's the snake you want to
pit your bear Gani right there this is
ground I asked for a hole oh I'm sorry
Oh top-notch world-class right why what
do you say about me
just getting fresh how could you say
that about me I said I'm just joking
maybe give up a human do you want fennel
as well
yeah buzz that up and I'm ready to make
a murder is hi juice anymore I just feel
like I should have added the tumeric in
there what because now it's lump um yeah
it's comfy it's not that bad Amy look
it's fine yeah I like this all right
this is the one boom perfect
it smells like fucking orange sherbert
Dan eight smells really good it's really
fucking good yeah I know I know son bud
Wow I can't believe that and it has a
bit of heat to it you're gonna go all
over the turkey inside the cavity just a
little and a little bit under the skin
you goddess using the cavity you gotta
go all over we have our first bird it's
been really hot in New York these days
let's just call it the heat all right
deal all right okay we're gonna place
this in the walk-in or fridge you know
fridge uncovered twenty four hours before we
roast rye bread
bird - we're going through this peppery
slightly smoky flick dry like smoked
chicken wing kind of thing you know
mixed peppercorns garlic powder onion
powder paprika a little bit a little bit
a little color do you think it's good
okay it's my final answer nailed it I
wouldn't give it a key it's a nice loot
and beige okay we're gonna name this the
gap more pepper more than more pet more
pet I think more pepper don't blow up on
the black another more of the pink pink
peppercorns if you were to roll it off
it's black underneath it's actually not
quite hot if anything it has like a
fruitiness yeah it's a little more
fruity look like you can it go just
rolls off who say it's like a peanut
skin almost all right that's what we
needed huh
BAM like emerald and my dad was on that
show really he got on there with a bow
the bow from the stands that's so funny
just like that have a shirt on that's a
pork fat rules what and that was like
emerald saying all the time I mean like
that was like a big fan of the show and
it was in New Orleans and he watched it
he brought him down and I cooked with a
legit Papa Leone yeah that's in number
two though the gap gap done okay bird
number three look common flavors of
Thanksgiving you see traditional turkey
fragrances right you open you walk in to
Grandma's or mom's house and you smell
that
there's usually some sage in there so
sage whole coriander whole fennel seeds
zest from the whole orange I don't know
if they should see this already
mmm
oh my god it's so good and occasionally
that color well see how it is emerald
Lagasse the screen and remember we were
talking about emerald emerald emerald
Agassi Emeril Lagasse it's perfect
all right to the fourth bird final burn
we're just gonna set it up with the
street dry brine that we have and then
tomorrow we're gonna make like a
gochujang compound butter we spoke about
gochujang and I think that would be
really delicious
this one will pick up any flavor profile
jazz tomorrow in the cookie yeah we'll
go create a little control yeah name
should be something like Paul the basic
be the basic be caddy alright the John
yeah but John take their call whatever
the hell you want I'm putting in a
walking okay cards or whatever no it's
the Paul Paul Paul are you doing
well I wear hats I don't care all the
time what's wrong you can't just all of
a sudden you know pull a hat up I feel
like that makes me feel better
this is this makes me feel like a like a
dad and not in a good way so we have our
four birds we're gonna try different
flavor combinations we have the Emerald
Lagasse over here we got the heatwave
and this one over here is the thing to
have in cap oh this is the Paul that is
the poly I think like Paul where's the
guy yeah Paul Paul where's the AB these
people just get plain unsalted softened
butter and then this one we want to mess
around with I think we said some
gochujang yeah some Korean chili paste
yeah I'll go grab the gochujang for this
one great and then we'll uh then we'll
talk glaze yeah we talk show laughs okay
all right we're starting with the Paul
this just got a simple brine go through
the Paul I think it's gonna be a good
one I think so too
well we're jazzing up to Paul we're
gonna Jasin up the bones get a nice
shirt yeah he's gonna really do a little
butter with a good
sighing so gochujang is a Korean red
pepper paste fermented the Paul is
changing you know it's always the quiet
ones with a little with a little you
know button-up shirt on you got to watch
out real freaks just like the pull yeah
those are the ones that have a dungeon
in their basement
the Cara's mostly just got some depth to
it I'm going in so the poor got a nice
little upgrade we got that gochujang
butter on there yeah tastes nice looking
nice these are all just gonna get
unsalted just regular butter twelve same
amount each coat them up we're gonna set
them aside and we're gonna focus on our
glaze
operate each one of these turkeys were
coming up with a glaze that we could
brush on the turkey a waltz in the oven
so it could kind of get this lacquered
effect this is the heatwave
I love the idea of incorporating some
lemongrass crush garlic one Fresno chili
vinegar honey just heat it up to help
everything come to a nice happy marriage
let's do the next one
Oh balls going through things man post
post figure himself out he's died he
died his hair he's having fun with a
little freaky you know pause alright
okay so let's make him a glaze mirin
sauce up tamari garlic crushed ginger
scallions a little bit not too much
sugar mmm the gap we have a lot of
pepper going on here
double maple syrup love some more
Worcester sisters just share some little
sherry vinegar I love that too
I want to add just a little bit of whole
pink peppercorns it needs some herbage
I want bay she's baiting both you gotta
go like bruise them up and a twelve in there
I love this this does want Bailey's good
right good call you put that on the
stove baby emerald Lagasse big
traditional aromatics a bit so let's do
an orange peel clove of garlic dried
chili de arbol time apple cider vinegar
add some honey add some remove it's
gonna add a little bit of a little bit
of flavor a little bit of sweetness
fresh squeezed orange juice it just
makes sense
okay sure
you wanna bone okay we have our four
glazes we're gonna reduce this a bit yep
pop the turkeys in the oven all four
from high temperature from throw them in
low is it for twenty five or more fifty and then
from there we'll drop it down three hundred and
we'll start glazing then we'll start
shellacking okay all right our turkeys
have been in the oven at four hundred fifty for about
thirty minutes off camera we did turn them
around half spud way she's spun them
we're gonna pull one out and when the
glaze half the turkey all right and that
way we can taste one without the glaze
and one with for the sake of science for
the sake of experiment we're just gonna
base half and leave the other half like
that okay what's this glaze the Emerald
first one at a time okay crack in the
elbow the gap smells so good the best
looking cars last one the fall Wally
oh boy it's done put it on the table
let's talk about it I mean no no it's
not that yet I just think it's got a
little too dark on top well for sure
let's hydrate it with soy sauce see what
happens the sugars in the gochujang yeah
looking back the gochujang should have
stayed under the skin one we were just
trying to get these turkeys in what we
should have done and we've done this
before
we should have lined the rimmed baking
sheet with at least a few sheets of foil
I would do probably like proposing
nothing or the line there's nothing on
this okay back in the oven okay I'm a
little sad about this one yeah me too
okay we're gonna let this go we drop the
heat to three hundred we're gonna we should check
out thirty minutes get another glaze keep
going thank you for that okay all the
turkeys are cooking we got at our
cranberry you mean we got to make
cranberry we gotta make Camry I got a
talker I know you're not very excited I
mean listen I am because I love I love
grandma I love cranberry sauce you know
what I love is like can gel cried you
too I do too
let's head over to the board rain-snow
chisel out our our perfect sauce let's
talk about Tara's joke we want Joe
texture I think we just I've already
agreed that just right jelly okay yeah I
want like that dark it almost has like
the
like the oceans my house like a little
grit in it textually yeah like there's
like particles of the cranberry okay so
you want texture all right little grit
jelly but not jello oh my god sumac FICO
cycles I'm like a word
flex flex flex flex a little sumac flex
yes right sumac just for fun just so we
don't forget
ah shake well I'm just trying to figure
out what is a vessel that people have
and can use so what would look nice on
the table like and then you have to do
something like this people have it wide
that why can't we use a glass pie dish
like an eight-inch pie this Orangemen like
[Applause]
let me get it okay we got it
not the sumacs gotta go I'm kind of
growing on it right think about it's
weird you go we could even put some some
cranberries babies or something
something and then you flip it over and
then you have this beautiful cranberry
jelly what I'm the sumac I don't know I
think it fell off you threw it away no
of course not oh I love that
to match me in heaven it's bright oh
yeah no yeah what let's make something
we got it we got to start somewhere
[Music]
alright look we're in a little bit of a
situation
we don't have a lot of time we're
focusing on Turkey and we also have to
figure out cranberry sauce there was a
moment off-camera we thought we might
just bring a can of camera you know the
game plan you got a game plan I'm you
got your bug yeah we're just gonna we're
gonna go with it we're gonna try
different ways I'm still not exactly
sure with my kind of flavor figured out
I'm gonna talk I'm gonna talk to your
mind I got a pound and a half of fresh
frozen cranberries bay leaves sugar
cranberry juice pectin it's probably in
a ripe fruit and it gives it that kind
of jelly see and then naturally crisper
think cranberries but I wanted to really
say I want you to be able to cut up you
know a slice of it so I'm gonna add just
a little bit of pectin as well you want
to bring this to a full boil you want
all the cranberries to cook down that's
what's gonna draw out all that natural
pectin brad has his version going on so
I'm gonna do a savory jelly so I'm gonna
measure out my cranberries I'm gonna use
cardamom ginger cinnamon cranberry juice
some sugar and some chili bring this up
to a boil and let it go until the
cranberries are just soft so it's been
ten minutes of a full boil with the
cranberry and now I'm just gonna add
salt and dried sumac and then I'm gonna
run everything through a food mill I
don't mind if there's some skins in
there are the seeds that kind of walk
that this is a version too
I have water with unflavored powdered
gelatin fun pen lightly coat this with
non-secure affray I also added some two
strips of orange peel I forgot to
mention that I'm just gonna strain this
so I just want the liquid she wants it
more coarse I want it more fine
it's almost like a weird cocktail base
it's a little spicy here taste this
do they taste it yeah I'm gonna stir in
my gelatin
it's just gonna make it set and give it
jiggly texture that's kind of what I'm
going for
put these in the fridge let them set and
then
going to carve and taste our turkeys
this is the Emeril Lagasse it's been
resting for about an hour we're going to
try both the glaze side and the part
that hasn't been glazed it's nice to
have that like sticky kind of shellac
build up coating yeah so this is the
unglazed side
we're taste seed the bride here okay yep
oh this is good
sugar and the flavor penetrates all
right try the glazed side the glaze
comes through you taste the glaze the
seasoning the meat seems pretty nice
it's realized I'm happy with a salt and
sugar I'm really happy with that now
that master dry Brian ratio of the salt
and the in the brown sugar works perfect
it penetrates great I would happily have
that at Thanksgiving I really need to
see what the other ones taste like yeah
okay so this is the gap this is so far
my god looking bird yeah I love this
this is unglazed thigh it's good let's
try the breast cuz
it's juicy very nicely seasoned you're
like a kid on Christmas grinning over
there it's really good
pretty good mmm pepper on the outside
pink peppercorn
it's not even glazed Zingo bingo yes get
into the glaze bud the maple is
delightful
I like that sweetness all right that one
beats a Merle yeah I want to keep eating
this well that's a good time but you
can't all right we got the unglazed we
got the glaze nice comment hmm oh that's
a little weird weird that piece with but
there's like a there's a weird smell
going on something about it yeah I don't
know weird rack that bitterness
especially with the dark meat nuts are
flat weird yeah these favorite so far
and the glaze is nice place is fine
that's fine fine
unlike Paul Paul's good you know I dated
fall but this would happen when I broke
up with him
anything that's burned like that it's
gone carbon you know it's it's past like
being flavorful and it's just it's
charcoal skins not real crispy this is
unglazed hmm nobody doing much the legs
really good but I think that's just
because of the the dry brine and then
they're go to Jang did nothing for that
this is the glazing I think we know the
answer
thanks ourselves I mean I think the
winner of flavor profile wise was
definitely the gap one hundred percent I know I'm kind
of shocked because it just seemed kinda
we didn't really do much like the glaze
it was it was a good glaze but the rub
itself was just you know onion powder
garlic powder Patrick I think that's
like that's like barbecue like that
works but that I would love to try
cooking that bird with that rub in
pieces I need the dark meat to cook
separately from the white
well they're just very different types
of me
yeah there's connective tissues that are
different the protein itself is
different the fat content is different
separating the breast from the rest
it'll cook quicker you know what I mean
but like Izone down for a second
so i made a lot of sense we're going at
the gap i still think we need to work on
the glaze we could work on that tomorrow
yeah I would love to fry a whole turkey
yeah home run I mean it's not for
everyone but it's worth looking into
I've had some awesome experiences with
it why don't we try smoking one till we
do it in pieces and that way it opens up
so much more surface area to get in
contact with the smoke I get that nice
kinda you know I mean we're you're not
like in that joint and stuff let's just
smoking and then roasting I mean we've
dabbled with that but we can dial in it
we prep some we'll want to maybe cooking
hearts when to smoke and one to fry
we'll set them up with our dry brine and
we'll let some go twenty four hours for tomorrow
we'll let some go a little longer and
we'll nail this down tomorrow we gotta
fry smoke we got to be outdoors yeah
you're not coming over to my apartment
in Chelsea my house
where'd you set up field trip to Jersey
pack your bags
we're gonna drink on the job maybe okay
All Right see you tomorrow don't be late
[Music]
all right we're in New Jersey we're
we're gonna go to Brad's house he's
supposed to have a really nice backyard
I have yet to be invited until now
I brought Brad a gift I'm super excited
let's go check it out get your ass up oh
because I don't know with you I got to
be prepared well here I got you a little
early Friday little warming house
warming yeah you know the way to my
heart yeah you go put any notebook try
it out yeah memory forever we're in an
undisclosed location in the tri-state
area of the Oxus somewhere oh I already
said Jersey but go ahead turkey yeah
let's fry one fry one yeah but smokey
takes a little longer so okay let's set
that up we have our dry brine bird yeah
okay we broke it down it's gonna smoke
quicker and it's gonna open up all those
expose their insider' why not hit
everything with smoke as an indirect
heat there's a fan that's blowing smoke
and heat around in there and what's
great about this about this smoker is
ever compelling through I work some wood
pellets this is a mix of apple and
Hickory I set it to two hundred twenty five it does it maybe
we could let's acknowledge that this
isn't necessarily like a full-on
tutorial of an old-school method of
smoking triggers very special unit you
can hook up to a Bluetooth on your phone
I mean this is about is like easy super
twenty first century yeah I mean we're not we're
not burning wood down on our feeding
charcoal I had the same like when we
were roasting him I like to have a
shellac the outside isn't gonna be
crispy it's gonna be rendered on to it
and it's gonna be like stick to them
it's actually delighting and we put a
little probe and that's just gonna allow
us to not open it up and check the
internal temperature keep an eye on it
let's head over to the to the back to
the picnic table and we'll well fry the
burn oh this one here
it was sunny over there so I put my Sun
Hat on I don't have no hat Andy we've
gone through this before our little
dynamic duo here I'm the Hat guy okay
you take the head that's got nice
beautiful hair that's fine all right
what am I supposed to do take the shirt
off I mean you're not gonna do that we
need the views come on all right so you
got the smoker going let's get uh you
know we're gonna get into old frying
let's get to the fryer set up we're
gonna need a lot of oil so we got our
big pot we got a propane burner you're
gonna need one of those something that
can get oil hot quick so and then a
little frying thermometer you put the
bird on there up right up right and then
you lower it into
into the oil and I think it'll take max
forty minutes all right I'm ready let's do
it should we split up with the oil
yeah let's go it's more ideal it's
peanut oil because I think it's a nice
flavor
today we are using any neutral any new
oil
okay hello oil is just slightly above
three hundred fifty and you want to remove some of the
rub off correct okay legs up legs up
it's go time all right okay yeah I'll do
it I'll drop it yeah I want to drop it I
want to drop it I want to drop it
rock paper scissors rock paper scissors
No Rock Paper Scissors shoot
okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot nice and
slow slow it's gonna take oh my god
bottom oh we got our bird in here it's
been in there for about fifteen minutes now
we're holding three hundred fifty we'll pull it around
one forty the breast alright cool so the
birds done we tempt it let's get it out
of the oil Andy thank you let that oil
drain out dark yeah this looks like fifty
all right Andy kill the tank
righty-tighty lefty-loosey great let's
let that bird rest for forty minutes
cool down we'll come back to all right
let's do it I would say this colors
beautiful I mean we got some really nice
sub brownej from the the Rossi method
but this just causes every single bit
because it's submerged to be three hundred fifty ground
and fried a deep-fried a turkey this is
what you pick at oh my god so good and
we didn't place it we didn't do anything
I tell you what though that dry brine
Dyna Trini fan it is so nice to see one
okay I'm gonna cut a piece from the
center cut a piece little tester a
breast looks really good alright let's
try oh my god
it is so GZ that's one yeah it's the
best breast yet for sure I want to get
into the darkness yeah you got it right
you got it
no don't ever do this no no you really
shouldn't it's so good I can't believe
how well seasoned to this it's like
perfect season and this was a twenty four hour
run all right all right that was awesome
that was delicious I mean let's face it
this is an awesome way to cook Turkey
it's amazing if you can do it do it but
for the approachability factor this not
everyone is gonna be able to do this so
we really need to chisel out also the
perfect one that everyone can do
majority people can make all right let's
wrap this up and then yeah let's get
into the smoker okay
Oh check these out open them up Bertie
damn good that's a nice color this is
basically the same shellac the same
glaze that we did with the roasted
version except we made a couple
altercations to the amount of vinegar
and we add a small border to it
breast is ten forty five please this one more you
do one more glaze and let that smoke on
for ten more minutes we're at the right
temperature and then we'll pull it all
right Annie
we good we're good this is it they're
all done we're just gonna take them off
let them rest just like you would out of
the oven about thirty-forty minutes before we
break into oh yeah all right all right
you got tongs here here I got these
lobster claws oh my god you see you're a
savage what they look nice they look
really nice look good the skin is like
it's rendered on it yeah it's not even
like peel it off maybe on the leg mmm
good I'm gonna go I mean let's look at a
first skin sucked onto it tight
yeah not crispy little smoke ring
oh wow it's smoky but it's not in your
face it's really it's like we threw out
mm-hmm
look how much of that color I picked up
from the smoke that's good it's actually
really good if you have a smoker or if
you have a grill and you want it in
you're able to set up your engine mm-hmm
free up the oven it's a fun alternative
to get out of the kitchen oh yeah big
time that's what's great about both of
these cooking methods again not for
everyone not everyone is gonna be able
to smoke it I think with there's still
so many different methods we could have
tried around forever forever but I think
the other day I think the way we're
gonna go about it is to roast it yeah
let's head back to the Test Kitchen nail
down our perfect raising method we were
starting with cranberry it's our fourth
day or you want to go out with you yeah
I went with like jammy pureed through
the food mill with sumac in the seeds in
there with mine it's just cranberries
cranberry juice some aromatics I use
ginger fresh chilies some spices
cinnamon cardamom sugar I mean other
than flavor profiles I went pectin I was
jealous
yes so hey what are you doing with the
bowl all right so I'm gonna place in a
metal bowl I'm gonna pour some warm
water and warm water in theory hopefully
to try to like help loosen it yeah when
I was great with him or something but
just I'm just I'm a very anxious
paranoid person I'm just gonna pop up
just flip it over and see how it goes oh
I think I heard something flop let me
help you ah I'll let you do it well I'm
seeing liquid bud
[Music]
take a crap molten cranberry volcano ya
know it's kinda mean it's disgusting but
it's awesome
it looks like a blood clot it looks like
oh wow let's see what happens tomorrow
okay try a different different approach
hold on we'll try to get it out this
doesn't look very good either
what do you mean either this is horrible
maybe you need someone water God ah
perfect cranberry sauce let's taste I
love the flavor it's kind of delicious
huh it is mm-hmm the sumac worked really
well with it I think it's actually
flavor-wise it's delicious tart I'm
super target acid I want the end this is
the gut I think like the texture it's
like it's a little too there's a little
bar but I mean come on at least I'm
honest with myself okay
it's I got cranberry hot toddy turned
into jello kind of right so bad so we
brought in Sola our assistant food
editor she's gonna help us taste some
cranberry things they're both are not
right yeah I write it yeah it's gonna I
mean this would be good that garnish and
it would be good with the turkey I think
it's a hint sweet
I think you see waivers and like the
level of sugar is good I mean it looks
really festive I feel like maybe too
busy too many spices for me I'm not even
getting as much cranberry yeah like it's
more just like a spiced punch I feel
like you guys need to combine forces do
more of the flavoring from this one but
I like the texture from this so you're
saying you want a jello but with that
flavor yeah well maybe we'll have you on
next year best of both worlds the best
of both worlds all right we're gonna
we're gonna ditch the added pectin we
both really dug the sumac I love your
flavor profile well introduce a little
gelatin to that we want like a nice
setup yeah
so let's merge them together what
make two batches same recipe is yours
it's the big difference is gonna be Brad
is gonna put the cranberry through a
food mill and I'm just gonna leave it
whole so there's gonna be a lot more
texture with mine for the sake of
science I'm gonna try to avoid using the
Pam it's silky and velvety
some might say perfect all right
I'll pop mine in the walk-in and then
let's get going on Turkey okay so Turkey
I think we're gonna go back to roasting
but I think this time around I would
like to try it in hearts like we did
when after I think it's a it's gonna
cook quicker it's gonna cook more evenly
more more more evenly I you want you're
gonna get that juicy breast and you get
the dark meat really nice and tender and
when you serve it you're breaking it
into parts anyways I think we got to
talk about the butter in the oil
situation that was in the oil rosemary
traps you mentioned that mentioned that
she rubs her turkey oil so why is it
that you're using oil and not butter so
if you cook at a higher temperature it's
gonna burn a little bit will works
better for that so okay we'll try it out
all right let's get two birds in the
oven one the butter almond oil okay
[Music]
let's line this with foil let's not make
the same mistakes like we did before
that's just so that the Turkey drippings
just don't burn so much do you reprobate
[Laughter]
they're gonna do one in pieces with some
neutral oil and then we'll also do one
rub with the butter yeah while that's
cooking let's figure out our glaze or
shellac okay so I would like to swap the
maple syrup forever brown sugar then we
had two tablespoons of Worcestershire
stir she's here sauce
I want to swap it with a low-sodium soy
sauce one clove crushed garlic I like
that
let's go more two cloves of crushed
garlic three cloves of crushed garlic
rosemary thyme sage sprig of each orange
peel half inch strip and we'll reduce
that and that just so gets a little
stick to the small yeah okay let's pull
these birds out okay so this is the
butter one kind of like a dull color
even has like a little bit of a like oh
I got grayish to it you know and spotty
it's not crispy at all it's not crispy
at all compared to the oil one it's
definitely round nice and over nice
color this is just the initial four hundred fifty at twenty
minutes we're gonna drop the heat down
and start glazing we just want real thin
coats evenly over it
you know like every thirty minutes we'll
come back and we'll do another little
coat
so you just literally just dip in the
brush a little bro you so much you've
been a little heavy
what is this one don't stop what we're
doing
Molly's drinking out of a watermelon is
there a bottle of vodka in there what is
this what is that what I mean do not
take that away from me no but I'm gonna
have a sip you dude that's so sweet
though I needed like lime in there lime
in salt so sweet
okay Turkey has been as in the oven just
pop the turkeys in four hundred fifty let's try on the
cranberry sauce so check out our
cranberry maybe it's set I hope I hope I
think it's I think we're doing well
No
we're doing Brad's version first you
want me to invert it I'm nervous it's
not ready no I think it is ready because
it's not coming out let's get a paper
towel let's put some warm water maybe I
should have Pam dit huh
see if he responds out I'm afraid yours
isn't gonna hold structure ok I think a
hot towel
oh yeah you go hmm something's not quite
right with mine mine's never come here
yeah thank banging of this look he wants
to come out oh you're almost there okay
why don't we just bolt it in a food
processor what difference does that make
me get in there it just I'll just make
any easy Cranberry so let's just bring a
can of jelly
it's got to be sliceable I think we've
got really close it's not sliceable yet
it's like it wants to set up it's
getting very close like but you want you
need to be able to slice coins now
imagine it was all suspended in set it's
delicious it's the same thing yours just
you're you're gonna chew skins I don't
think just the way to go
all right so clearly we're not quite
there yet
I think we rushed it a little bit I
think you could use a little more time
setting up but also a little more gel it
might need a little more gelatin - okay
so one more pass one more pass
how beautiful accident this is thirty
minutes in at three hundred
so we'll put another layer on but first
let's start checking temperatures to see
where we're at we got to go another ten
degrees yeah another twenty minutes
all right timers going actually perfect
we got both birds out of the oven we got
the oil one and then the one that was
rubbed with butter yeah same dry rub I
mean I think we both agree the one with
the oil kind of worked better the one
the oil did work better it has less dark
spots like it's taking on a nice more
even color
don't you think because we weren't
things in the firm we put that like that
what's your go-to god I'm so damn sorry
I'm out to moderate it one we had one
thing not to do because they just making
perfect turkey what are you doing you
want to try it with us yeah this is like
we haven't even done it yet it's gonna
be delicious
very good even that far in yeah
seasoning is still penetrated you've got
like a really good color everywhere I
think roasting in parts is really
friggin crucial all right we'll catch
you later Chris I'm gonna just plate
this up I'm gonna make it nice making
thanks Andy Andy's the master planner
man how do you think it's perfect
throw up a dress yeah I think my breasts
might be pretty good this is the bird
that we rub the butter it's so well
seasoned the coloring why is like it
just to spend a little too dark so this
is the bird that we put oil on not
butter the butter bird absolutely
delicious H is darkened a little faster
but let's see how this one tastes
compared to that one okay get in there
let's go a little taste it's so juicy
dry seasoning goes all the way through
all the way to the bone I think we did a
really good move using the brown sugar
instead of the maple to the maple was a
little too much it's a perfect balance
it's like salty sweet perfection good
job Annie all right the turkey I think
we eat is 'old that out we nailed it
it's awesome
cranberry sauce we have a batch setting
in the in the walk-in now I feel really
good about it let's not rush it well
waited to set up for tomorrow
and soundly fingers crossed our fingers
crossed all right see you know morning
don't be late all right we have her a
cranberry sauce so he just took it out
it seems pretty set we're gonna just oh
it's way more firm we were happy with
the flavor huh I think our next
challenge is gonna be getting this thing
out of the mold I change structure to
dip it within warm water now still not
too long either right look it already
yeah we stood on the edges you see that
it was like magic popped
scrape the walls right on the cutting
board maybe forget the plate no what do
we do making frittatas
I think you should just bang it on the
enough of the plate oh oh that was it
that was that all right yeah take it hey
I'll take that Andy that's a major W for
the good guys I'm into that
don't touch too much right I kind of
like how it's a little saucy on the outs
I am just gonna try to make decorations
on top I know what if I forgot we're
artists but somewhat sumac yeah
definitely
I'll get it best idea ever the sumac is
just to get bad and the idea is to Mecca
I'm gonna make it optional in the final
recipe he's not right in this recipe up
it's
there that out we're an old married
couple
I know what the Hobby wants Delaney
soo-mack I brought two courts I hope
that's cool at it here no here what do
you think yeah I love it you're gonna
lose it in it but might not be necessary
kind of charity did huh there any that
dirty
that's why separated in bowls good move
good move you're a professional
that looks great
cranberry sauce that everyone's gonna
get excited about no we're killing it
Chris yeah killing it we got a big w
today Chris we needed it okay alright
Andy I like it it's fine do a nice gang
cute but it's coming together it's
working out okay I'm excited about that
I think that I think you really that I
think we both polished out a real good
one here but thank you oh that's holding
let's do a little dissect well that's
gonna make everyone happy get the little
you can make the jello folks happy maybe
make the compo people happy they're
never happy but I'm into it I like it a
lot I think they play where the very
traditional but that's funny but that's
what I mean
cranberry sauce is like a nostalgic
thing for me a little bit of orange zest
on top with the sugar I think it does
something I think we nailed our turkey
I'm super happy with how the cranberry
sauce turned out you know we'll meet up
with the rest of the folks uh
you know to compose our dinner and you
know what it's really about is you know
forget that blogger it's about you
hanging out with friends and family but
we did bring in everyone again and make
sure our dish our biscotti yes
[Music]
I will not allow hood to mix it and with
that tool oh you guys this is the gravy
we're looking for potato fans while we
fan ourselves with potatoes
[Music]

Title - Claire and Brad Make the Perfect Thanksgiving Pie | Making Perfect Thanksgiving Ep Five | Bon Appetit
hopefully it doesn't turn into brussel
sprout oh honey come show her like make
it ugly we don't have time to screw
around yeah I will not be the last thing
on that table
we're sizzling over here that's one yet
for sure I swear because in the comments
of YouTube people are like how come
Clara never travels I have a conspiracy
that's the only reason is that a
conspiracy theory that's why we're going
together so the question is not what
kind of pie but how many times yes and
also take a vote who loves pumpkin
you don't like pumpkin pie at all i it's
on my favorite no it's so underwhelming
whose favorite good even when it's like
just my family and I like I'm the fussy
one with the desserts not surprisingly
but like I'm like I can refuse to choose
so even when it's like five people for
Thanksgiving I make three pies and
pumpkin yeah how does pumpkin win in
that scenario I would take pumpkin why
because it's so classic and it's never
anywhere else but thank you yeah yeah
and I grew up it was my favorite I just
get in trouble for eating too much of it
so I love the cold too much pilot way
yeah it could be like a pumpkin or the
pecan top but I don't necessarily want
it like just to get the beets in there I
don't necessarily want to compromise
like it wasn't the experience I've been
hybridizing it really better I don't
know you could play around that's
because the surface of pumpkin pie is
like nothing is happening and though the
only good part of pecan pie is the tops
yeah can you do anything else with that
circling like is its paste is it yeah
I'm not a huge desert guy but I love pie
actually I actually want to fly a
competition one time I make I'm sorry
[Laughter]
you wouldn't work with me on it I would
love to I just claimed it sorry no I
just it's my favorite thing to make I
mean we already get in trouble for
eating too much pie so yeah I would like
to see it brought too much pie right
over the envelope oh Jesus oh hey retro
- tell us because they knew I wouldn't
get mad about where we win reward
am I being served that we're going to
Denver and we're there for two nights oh
my god this wine with the pie wait when
is the contest by four pm tomorrow we
have to have good up the perfect
Thanksgiving pie recipe and make two
additional pies just - what's the price
with all first place we lost about the
prize bragging rights over there you
know where's the best pie making
competition in the world we gotta go to
Denver that's where the right
guys we're making pumpkin pie we already
decided that no but a pumpkin pie
doesn't have a lid but hold on you're
talking you want me to enter in a
pumpkin pie during a summer pie contest
with all the other summer never gonna
win I'm entering a pirate area pie
that's what I'm making wheat bread says
unlabeled or incorrectly labelled items
I'm getting this will be disqualified
out cleric good luck I'm gonna go walk
around and get it I can Italian ice
crowd but you did one time win a pie
contest I do hold a true all right
Claire all right read him off Brad kind
of got a little bit of curveball with
the whole competition in there fruits
and all
yeah but I'm regardless we're all we're
all gonna be winners on this one right
let's just make the perfect height for
us and what we're gonna present it and
if we win we win if we don't we don't
all right so let's just focus on what we
want to do with making the perfect pie
for things yeah right though let's focus
all right
thanks Rita mine pecan pecan con praline
hate it what I took away from the round
table was the idea of pumpkin pie
filling with the top of a pecan pie
which sounds so great so delicious okay
bourbon yeah we're gonna mean yeah
bourbon I love fall blind me yeah yeah
big-time
especially with the people because we
know we're doing a single crust soggy
bottom yeah no side you know talking
about in full blind bake to avoid a
soggy but sweet inner that's a question
mark it's like what kind of sweetener do
brown sugar and what maple I like a
little maple maybe a little brown sugar
- okay Libby's for short yeah Libby's is
gonna save our lives we don't have time
to like exhaustively test every crust
Under the Sun I think we should use a
tried-and-true pie crust that we have
that we might be buttering yeah cuz I
did one for this deep fish apple pie a
couple years ago and then that crust
recipe got used and a lot of different
like additional pine
I think Rafal it could be a really nice
it's like really nutty and savory yeah
so let's just try that all right to the
base pie you know is the more than you
said we used a bunch with started with
the apple pie yeah Oh Rick man look he
used it with a blueberry pie which was
fantastic okay remember that let's make
the dough first so we can say we can get
that into the fridge yeah do you want to
incorporate some
rye flour into this I think I think we
should have a nice little nuttiness to
it yeah so if three and a half cups
flour total I think we should do a half
cup I water it out and over all right
half cup rye
three cups all-purpose flour this is not
sound
oh yeah just gives us mrs local this is
from New York State yeah thanks for
bringing the goods yeah thanks very good
we'll bring it back mix here two
tablespoons sugar yeah now the butter is
kind of the foundation of this yeah
butter we have is the Vermont Creamery
cultured butter unsalted and what I love
about a cultured butter and it adds a
nice like nutty big flavor and like a
little tank yeah so sooner than
all-butter crust we want like you will
just a flavorful butter and I also like
this one because this butter is a pretty
high fat content well the higher fat
content just makes like a flaky or more
tender crust we were told that the crust
is very important for this competition
it's not the battle it's like the bread
of a sandwich it has to be the perfect
pie we're gonna just chill this to firm
it up because it's a little bit soft
it's kind of been sitting at room temp
for a bit I think different sized pieces
of butter are very important for pie
dough because it's that a regular
texture that gives you all those great
like layers so we want to chill it down
so let's use some of this ice water just
cover the ice just gonna chill it out
and then we'll measure from there all
right so we're just going to set this
aside and let the vodka chill the
alcohol in vodka helps to hydrate the
flour and give you a workable dough but
gluten only forms in the presence of
water so the less water you add the less
gluten the more tender your crust of the
idea of vodka is you just get something
more tender when you use it as the
liquid
all right firm enough okay so butter
goes in we don't need to do it to people
if you want to quickly smash in the
butter into pieces so then I like to
leave some pieces kind of big
little lumpy do you want the gorgeous
pieces of butter about the size of a pea
I'll leave them a little bit bigger than
that it was fast for two people okay
this feels good okay ready yep you guys
so the idea here is we're trying to add
as little liquid as possible to bring
this together this is your way of
avoiding over hydrating the whole thing
a little bit of rye really does change
the follow yeah and that'll also change
how the flour hydrates to the work that
we're ready to wrap it up and kill it it
feels good when you put it into a square
so that when you roll your rectangle but
just would like square it off edges and
rolling out it helps yeah so when I put
it into the plastic I like to use a
rolling pin or sometimes just the heel
on my hand to flatten it and like force
it into all the little nooks and
crannies of the plastic I think that it
helps to bring the dough together into
one piece so it's easier to roll out and
it just I think also forces the flour to
hydrate more evenly it's good that you
see these little areas of butter too you
want those discreet butter pieces in the
French filling plan Olivia
flying into Livi's classic yeah perfect
let's just make that
Libby's it's just such a great canned
product no reason to make they did the
hard work already in a way and it's
already strained that's like super
smooth low water content so it makes an
excellent pumpkin pie filling and my
thought was that we should just use the
famous pumpkin pie recipe on the back of
the Libby's pan as our base these are
the proportions in a custard filling is
like yeah like how much dairy how much
egg
how much sugar how much you make some
little altercations right alterations
what I say multiplications yes yeah
smells good
we have the one case is just the pumpkin
and tonight and tonight I want to enrich
it with an extra yolk just view
sometimes pumpkin pie can read like it's
just baked puree
it's super important in a pumpkin pie
good flight you have to slice it happy
able to hold this meat the point they
need your point
in truth straight sides I'm hoping for
some OOP no yep I couldn't I couldn't
work right in
like so much right yeah there's
something a lot it's gonna be a loose
filling Carnival is pretty strong so
maybe that's the half teaspoon of that
yeah so the recipe calls for one teaspoon
of ground ginger I'm gonna add a
teaspoon so that I'll make two a total
go ahead and add that then two teaspoons
cinnamon yeah so that's all that's of
course you've been told
let's keep maple okay I like that right
yeah that's good you mix that up I'm
gonna grab ramekins for us to test okay
that's the filling you know what we
didn't add is nutmeg you want to add
alone up there Oh big time stop
everything just be clear we are not
showing you up with a cherry right oh
yes we are
oh really yeah we are oh I got it Brad
don't worry about it okay happy for
nothing
oh that is it it's good but I usually
get in trouble for eating too much
baklava
my bodies have to make too because I
would eat it like non-stop really like
I've like four times that I'd be
sneaking in getting cold out of the
fridge you always just cut off a little
sliver from yeah yeah and that's like
who ate half the pie it was bread we
should focus clave the rest of the
filling unbaked
focus on the pecan cuz this tastes
awesome as it's gonna be delicious let's
bake it like you're saying see if we're
happy if we want to tweak this yeah and
then once we're happy with our base then
we can here say we could done fool
around a little bit with the pecan so we
should also probably start twisting some
pecans yeah that's nothing
[Music]
no more salt but maybe we do a little
salt at the end just a little juice okay
so it's been a half an hour this guy is
ready to come out the so the edges are
puff it probably baked a little bit hot
they're pulling on the table tbh well we
should point out look on the outside
they're like the outer ring it's
starting to like setup firm yeah I
needed Rose a little I think is fake too
hot too hot so we have to wait for this
to cool a bit more until we can taste it
but we had a thought earlier about how
we're gonna basically do this pecan
topping on on the pumpkin yeah yeah that
works yeah okay so the idea is to
achieve something like this and then put
it back in the oven so it's gonna be a
tricky thing about timing it's like and
what point do we pull the pie out and
put the pecans on I think I under a
little bit oh well we'll just paste from
the edge it over Bates and the
underbaked loose we can taste it the
outside where it's actually like nicely
I love glad we went with the cream mmm
okay so this is the crust it's you
chilled in the fridge it hasn't been a
full two hours maybe maybe even more
like an hour and a half but you can see
how much it's firmed up like it was a
softer dough when it went in and now
everything's hydrated this is like a
dramatic transformation of texture which
I think also has a lot to do with the
vodka yeah so this is enough for two
crusts so I'm gonna cut it in half okay
so now I'm gonna roll it out and I want
to make it into a nice long slab so I
think for a nine inch pie plate relate
to go to about twelve or thirteen inch round so
this looks good
and now it's getting soft we'll see if I
can get it a roll of it roll it
[Music]
all right that's right we can pass this
is a very forgiving no I mean like you
can patch it all right yeah okay
nevermind so I'll have lots of overhang
that I can work with I think the
important thing about pie when you put
it into the plate it's like let it slump
don't don't stretch it into the bottom
so now I cut around about a half inch
overhang this is weird oh I think a lot
of it is the Rye Rhoda's telling me to
crimp it and I kind of agree with her
we've been impressed you know it's not a
very extensive old dough or elastic
dough I know but it's also like worried
about it falling apart in the oven and
having no structure at all yeah before
we bake this I'm gonna freeze it to like
set it in place I'm gonna do what you
did there so we also have a dough same
the same as the one you just made just
without without right right and this one
was all ice water not vodka cool I kind
of like the idea of bourbon or what if
it's rye and I like you know right and
the filling and rye it's like a double
ripe I double ripe I hello another
really good idea but you gotta use rye
whiskey that burger yeah that's what I
said oh I really wasn't paying I'm sorry
your intro and yeah you hold it you
folded it under the lip you told me to
do that I meant under itself I was like
wow that's gonna be hard to clean and
slice she's talking about I'll do it pop
that in the freezer the freezer
I like the freezer too like really
shocking cold yeah so our pie crusts are
in the freezer they need about ten
minutes to chill you know you like to do
that before you bake them yeah in the
meantime let's make another another
mixture or another filling mixture
everything's the same except we're
having the clove is it little too
present for adding a little bit more
brown sugar because I think the whole
thing could use a
for sweetness we're also adding one quarter cup
of rye whiskey so we have to salt yeah
ready
yeah okay that's a nice looking filling
we're gonna bring in our two frozen line
pie plates now we're setting up for a
blind bake what's the blind bake all
there's a lot of technique in this in
these steps so first we bake it waited
because you know that butter wants to
puff up and make the crust really flaky
so these are dried oh my god this is a
nightmare waiting to happen
no stay in the steel ball bearings okay
thanks twenty minutes later okay it's
looking a little weird huh this is the
Reich rust with the vodka this crust is
not right something weird about it it's
like the lack of water which is nothing
is happening the way it should so I'm
taking out the weights and then I'm
putting it back in at around three hundred fifty look at
your flaky crust hold on I can't see
yeah oh yeah yeah it looks so good look
at the flakes wait good we'll put these
back in so I set the timer for ten
minutes we'll check it I don't want to
take a little egg wash okay I brushed on
the bottom I don't put it back in the
other actually to like create like oh
like a watertight barrier with the BOTS
with filling okay it's actually I think
at a good stage of baking its kind of
golden so the thing we're testing is
just a little egg wash over half of the
dough and this in theory was you want
that to bake on to it yeah so we're
gonna show yes I'm gonna put it back in
the oven for a few minutes so that sets
you would be the same thing on the other
one on the other crash sure oh yeah
here let's uh what what are you doing I
just have to poke a little hole for
steam to escape and now you can get hit
with the egg okay I would decorate that
yeah
just to the flakes don't come on all
right I'm gonna be good okay like look
at this like this like that no it's like
it's like feels like that right okay so
I'm gonna pour in and like look it right
there that's a little bit of a crack so
the egg wash is just like seals
everything up okay you want to pull
yours out on corman together
[Music]
what a beautiful crust bread we got a
little leftover that I love the
flakiness on that cross yeah the side of
your crust looks so good you get it
really gently nice moves some people
pour that in the oven yeah but I want to
do that let's head to the feet all right
who knows lungs gonna tape we had our
maple Koated nights that we toasted up
last time yeah butter it's a brown sugar
but it was kind of like separated it
wasn't really we want that like coated
nice yeah candied looks like an airy
crunch and you mentioned whipping a
little whipping some egg whites with
sugar with the sugar yeah there's a good
quick method for candying nothing like
you would start a meringue but we're not
gonna bring it to beat right the brown
sugar in the end yeah I thought it could
be a good way to all of it yeah
oh yeah that looks good feel really good
about that
[Music]
all right this pie is ready Brad oh
heavens it looks all the way to wobble
that's the wobble that's a wobble yeah
whoa now look crackage but that's okay
well it's gonna settle for that boy no I
think I want him to settle on top okay
fine okay you do yours I'll do my mother
okay this is gonna go back into the oven
no one cares okay so my pie went back in
the oven with the pecan topping your pie
needs a little more time before it gets
that produced a difference in oven temp
my pie finally at the right temperature
we got that we're ready to manage it
it's like you saying you don't want that
ripple it you just want a little bit of
wiggle it went over yeah that's okay no
way to go to the carrier it's fine all
right what if it doesn't work yeah I
hope it works yeah so I think that it's
done because the tops of these are dry
so I turned the oven off and I'm gonna
let it just cool with the door open
which will prevent big cracks from
forming and now all I have right oh
you're really pushing them in there I
feel like if we were gonna enter this
into a pie making competition like we
should have a cool design I was thinking
that but that just feels so like not us
you know a little more maybe around that
yeah maybe around the edges no no no the
guy wasn't picturing necessarily a lot
of the pumpkin from poking through I
suppose it's up for interpretation
so our pies are basically done we feel
really good about basically all the
components tomorrow will just really be
about seeing how they all come together
but we do want to set up a dough so that
we can really get started first thing
tomorrow morning and get these pies
baked because I'm gonna get on a plane
with them we don't need to be hot Oh
everything right except for changing no
more vodka
don't worry about cutting
[Music]
yeah I agree so pop that in the fridge
yep we can pour our pies out of the oven
I think we should pull them yeah oh my
god I think here's needed more time Brad
more time with the nuts why the dry no
they're not dry yeah see what - like I'm
gonna bring it over here I did have more
of a mixture yeah throw it anymore no I
think I think it's cooked I mean I think
it's now that you'll be able to go back
I kind of like the look at this one oh
my god with this better the rest I think
it'll do that sort of puffing and again
a really nice so yeah break the crimp if
you couldn't throw this on a table and
be like my kid nice like these cool
overnight will test them we'll try them
out tomorrow I just ate that really good
all right so I feel really good about
tomorrow and see that hope you're ready
to eat pie at nine thirty in the morning
right we'll see a view at breakfast yet
I had an English muffin we have to eat
some pie okay
yeah well what I left mine on this meat
rack yes I left mine in the oven because
I was my concern is that those nuts on
the surface are gonna pull moisture from
the air because they're so sugary and
get kind of soggy so I stored mine in
the oven just for humidity it's a good
test
are you read that one I'll grab this one
okay right here another lower one and
eat your pie
[Laughter]
so pretty yeah yours is way better
looking wait look how beautiful oh it's
great I'm loving okay that will bring
into the car maybe the crescents kind of
messed up wait I think they both look
better because I like a very nice like
mom like you say both your kids are good
mine's clearly not oh okay that's an
acceptable way to compare me to a mom
but are we making - pie yeah but I don't
they have to be this
but we're not bringing I'm compared to
the competition yes we are it's over
bring a cherry pie we're bringing off
bringing kids admit to but we're two
people I need you to enter with your own
you want me to die you want me to take a
loss shine with the cherry no I don't
think I'm saying I think that what's
gonna happen is whichever wouldn't you
enter with you're probably gonna win
it's like when he made sour dough and
your bread turned out better oh I see
what you're doing there come on you know
I'm a little slicker than that all right
look at that you like throw it in the
garbage
yeah nice try okay it's nice yep you're
the problem what I love how very little
the filling is not quite fed enough
undercooked we don't have that yeah I'm
curious to see how set yours is cuz
yours went a little longer maybe we want
to hold back a little heavy cream yours
almost looks a little more sad you think
so let's taste them and see this is a
delicious pumpkin pie I do want it a
little more set more time if it is cold
it would yeah I think all that butter
fat in the cream will firm up try this
one this is one where we added the
little bit of brown sugar I didn't get a
whole bite I have I'm actually good good
it's really delicious with the pumpkin
is I definitely don't work it's one of
my favorite pies of all time I think we
have to take out a little liquid and
we're cold yeah and you think that'll
help it had that little more of a set
yeah I mean it definitely held look
there's no no just make it less liquid
even there's no cut Mellie as I know
what that cut belly cut like you know
you can cut it and then it like mmm
uh-huh
forms like a little belly if it's not
set belly okay great
we have to get started because the baby
of this pie in the oven in the next hour
and twenty five minutes let's do it
I look back on our reference recipe of a
pumpkin pie that I did and we had a lot
more egg proportionate to each pie so
we're gonna add a couple eggs and you
think that'll help at the settings
custardy yeah that we were all slacking
a little in that okay pie
in addition to the fact
the cream I hope and adding four
tablespoons butter we're gonna add two
eggs picked heo googlegroup here's all
the spices and salt
it's five-speed okay looks great yeah it
looks really good
a little worried about time we're doing
yeah we're on during the whole cherry
pie true curveball
war under the gun so it's not the phrase
oh they're nice we have to take off a
test batch just to confirm that the
spilling is right where we want it to be
yeah it was poured around it so I think
we're just gonna bake off this much it
was about a half a cup oh you pour
boiling water yeah just to bring it up
and then I don't know yeah for this will
be quickly right there and then great
tip Claire this is the dough that we
made last thing before you went home
today look at the color of this crust I
love I love the color and it got so firm
[Music]
alright oh that was great
that that dough seems like it's better
today you know I'm not used to that Brad
usually it's deposited so let me back up
and just say we're doing we are making
two half sour cherry pies half saris
aphids pies half sour cherry pies to
bring in our competition and we haven't
decided yet who's entering the cherry
and who's entering the pumpkin but
basically I think that two people should
enter two different pies to maximize our
chances of collectively winning anyway I
actually recently pitted and froze a
bunch of sweet and sour cherries from
the market which I just had left over
from a Project loon so brought those in
road is gonna supplement with a couple
extras and we're gonna make a cherry pie
so blind bake bottom crust cherry
filling goes in crumble topping she's
got a game plan I got a game plan just
follow my lead
clearly this you know we're it's all
about the pumpkin pie at the end of the
day you know for Thanksgiving you know
that's what we're doing we're not gonna
show up with a cherry party thanks
Chakradhar pecan pumpkin pie hybrid but
this is just you know if we're gonna go
out to this competition
ladies we're bringing little eggs what
did they say don't bring a knife to a
gunfight is that how it goes
you don't bring exactly saying yeah
we're on the same page okay but maybe if
there's something great like you know
pottery like ah what are you doing don't
worry about this was mine they have to
be identical oh they do easy fix
I thought it'd be cool might do like
weird things yeah you wanted to do weird
things I'm afraid it's gonna do weird
things well that's the difference
between you and I so many differences
thirty oh my god we're up we're behind
now here we go what are we gonna make
III just yeah Claire's got some I'm on
my own so uh rolling out and do it
circle
[Music]
okay let's just buy my name's a square
oh my god it's like a perfect square I
wasn't you know you just jumped in there
you got all mad you left me behind you
didn't say anything I wasn't looking
over at what you were doing okay into
the freezer so this is a ramekin of this
filling that we just made and we baked
it in a water bath so it didn't overcook
but we also then undercooked it that's
fine let's see from the side we're gonna
try it it might be a little loose I love
the flavor it has that like silky Sheen
that yeah I'm kind of why in it yeah I
think if this was cooked a little bit
more it would be perfect me too
we're gonna go with that filling no
changes we're gonna get the cherry pie
crust in the oven
good normally we'd go over to the board
and write all this out and documented
decisions but our flight is in five
hours and we haven't gone to pies in the
oven so we're skipping that step we got
to move let's get two more tea trays
ready to go with foil make sure that's
really in there I'm gonna go in that
oven you're gonna go on the wall oven
where am I going there wasn't business
in the wall on it cover all of it so in
the ovens we have four pie crusts
they're all the crust they're all the
crusts they're all blind baking two
plain crusts for the cherry to ride for
the pumpkin and now Wade said to wait we
could toss the pecans we can toast Oh
God let's do that let's do that so
everything you can okay
okay we're gonna do what's going on all
right running around like crazy people
faint a sense of urgency who though this
looks great I'm getting a nice little
browning around the edge I didn't get
any color I'm nice all right put yours
back in okay this is the Reich rust this
is looking real good though put it back
in the oven get it back in and get it
back in it'll die
high for a lot of damn work I don't know
what I hope you realize that Brenda take
a phone call so now I'm responsible full
for all four crusts which are all the
different stages have done this first
and then move down the line first I'm
going to take out his cherry pie crust
and remove the weights okay next I'm
going to egg wash the bottom of the RAI
I'm leaving in a few more minutes so I'm
gonna watch the bottom of my cherry for
us they're all important I love all my
pipes equally this is Brad's ride crust
still confused these are baking soda
come in and wash this guy
so the press started to puff up a little
bit I'm just pressing it down I got real
stressed out I just know I was managing
for crust so where we at catch me up to
speed
besides that the how dark the edges
they're looking really good that does
not look like the Rye crust right that's
not the right crust either maybe the
yeah look at the brand
let's see glad I'm relieved why is your
ass taking so long to color all right I
think this guy's done yep so this is for
cherry pie it's looking very nice there
what do they know this one oh yeah egg
wash yep he'll be ready soon yeah it was
good all right one coat now I'm just
looking to set that up yep that's it
all right good things are happening over
here and now we're going in with the
filling we're gonna pour it in alright
this looks so good nice volume nice
little swirl I mean it's cooking left
yeah I would I would i watch this egg
wash you're good
Boston rockin we're just raising time
now all right Brad I got a surprise for
you we're gonna put a layer of almond
paste underneath the cherry okay
also before I don't wanna get too
wrapped up with this I don't want to
burn mine see does it look as panic as
it feels yeah what do you think ready
facility yeah give you another minute
and then you're good at filling time
call me when I
god damn it to hell we don't have time
for this all right going in but this is
the RAI what do you say anything no I
don't even hear you no one will even
know yeah that's the right crust yeah
that's right okay so that one's cherry
it's hairy with Mike Radisson no one's
gonna know it it was my fault I was not
listening to you at all okay so we have
two that are correct
so everything's gonna be fine except
it's the wrong crust and it's really
true it's not for Thanksgiving it's it's
for charity
all right let's fill them with cherry
all right this is the sweet and sour
cherry pie filling what's the little
coating we got Claire sugar cornstarch
some warm spices almond extract vanilla
extract lemon zest salt I think that's
all it's all ready to go
because we have no time to spare and
then this is the crumble oh so I'm gonna
fill this we're gonna have some leftover
filling because this is not you know
this is a pretty small pie plate wait
that's a good amount right all right I'm
putting on the crumble topping
so there's oats flour we put some sliced
almonds with keeping with the almond
theme there you go big yeah I think
something kind of tall might be
impressive to the judges see I get a lot
I do well with old ladies we're gonna
like you know a good grandma let me talk
a little so I'm just gonna have to we're
gonna have to get in their head turn on
the charm
we'll do some I think it's ready and
let's look at it together
yeah overcook yeah let's check the rest
okay means that these are I know these
aren't done but let's show yours yeah oh
no you got we got forty times three hundred on this
yeah please don't rush me we have time
we can't afford a mistake so it's just
all bad I know it's true every mistake
happens when you're rushing oh is Claire
OSHA
[Music]
I kind of like this start also we don't
untie bread clear time moves with the
energy that you put out there
[Music]
I don't get it you think it looks
terrible no I like it I don't love the
amount of liquid the pecan should kind
of be like just even cold but those
opinions went right out the way all
right let's check the other one all
right so these look good the crumble is
drowning we might want to tent the top
of the crumble with foil at some point -
all right they're going oh good fun yeah
I feel like I've got paint taken
seriously so I feel pretty good about
the pumpkin pie here all right we're
gonna be here forever no he's gonna have
him clean so pretty right I think it's a
she this pie looks like a winner a real
beaut roll pop some of that no no that's
beautiful so this is the one with the
right crust so this is our double rye
pumpkin pie and this is gonna be the one
that's gonna be entered in the contest
but basically we need two pies to enter
one is gonna be judged and the other one
is gonna be auctioned off to benefit four-h
four-h club for the kids for their children
I don't feel confident at the pie with
respect to the competition because who
knows but aside from that feel proud of
this end result it's so pretty
no I love our pies this one and the
other pumpkin that we have forget the
competition I think this is a great
Thanksgiving party Hey
the fruit-ice take a little bit longer
so really we're just hanging out until
we to leave for the airport
yeah it's pumpkin pie bro have you ever
been to Thanksgiving well just pie
caught a little caught as they say oh
the English yeah I was gonna throw this
out there but yeah I know this wasn't
the original game plan and because your
beautiful crust kind of gets hidden yeah
I think we see a chance with the Reds
the Reds it breaks the like this yeah I
like yours better competition you yeah I
do it looks better
boom competition one who cares about
Denver so we're gonna submit this one to
the competition and that one okay yeah
who submits what I think because you
made this one and I made that one all
submit pumpkin you submit cherry no I'm
gonna donate it to the kids if I'm okay
just kind of fold it up okay okay
right uh-huh once we're sure they're
fully cool we should wrap it we should
wrap this in plastic seventy five dollars so these pies
are nice and cool we gotta leave here in
like twenty minutes hit you to get to the
airport so we can get to Denver let's
box these up and hit the road
[Music]
beautiful Colorado we're at the Adams
County Fair pies made the flight here we
are safe and sound just like the two of
us alright
beautiful day let's go meet up with
Gloria capper pies off officially
submitted this way following you Claire
[Music]
yeah we're under tonight hey there
Gloria are you Brad Brad nice to meet
you hi Claire this a new boy that's
pretty excited for the the old pie
competition we might have a couple
winners not sure I heard about the pies
that going across the airplane these are
going to be good pies right yeah I hope
so hope yeah how long you been a part of
this pie competition in the fair well
the pair has been in existence over one hundred
years
we've only had the pipe competition for
three years and I was the original
organizer and still doing it all right
hold it that the contest has doubled in
size we have a panel of judges three
judges per age group judges are
primarily mayors of different
municipalities in the area county
commissioners a district court judge and
some global judging the crust the
consistency of the filling flavor of the
crust the flavor of the filling and how
the two combine each judge has a score
sheet they'll judge each pie then the
three score sheets are put together to
code it's an exciting day over to them
the exhibit building follow me
should have brought a better hat my name
is Brad Leone le Ong anybody ever
dropped their pie walking down the line
here so that's winning right there
alright yours made it safe let's check
the fare out and kill a little time
before judging and we'll see you see it
far see if we're shot but I'll be really
um flip three egg rolls please sure
veggie might keep the change
stare pocket got change okay look at the
fudge you're stuffing with fudge little
fudge cone never a dull moment in coal
Cajun it's not hot pull on it going it's
good delish dad well thank you clean
house going one of the feed some of your
fine animals here
[Music]
[Music]
they're serious in their whole staff not
messing around we got a copy of the
score sheet that the judges fill out
very official glory was so nice she's
gonna let us create our robot okay
filling of the pleasant flavor a
pleasing flavor not flat too sweet or
too tart pleasant aftertaste nine crust
has a rich blended flavor of well baked
ingredients the right appropriate amount
of filling to crust I think like eight
right here's the last category for the
final fifty percent of the competition Pleasant
overall taste with crust and filling
complementing each other yeah nailed
that - yes ten fifteen twenty thirty I'm
gonna say twenty five I know it's not an option
okay
eighty one point five out of a hundred
better than I didn't school we have to
be - yeah we'll take it's an A in my
book well clear all right eighty one point five we make a
good team then do you think we're gonna
get a better score than what we gave
ourselves from the judges I hope so we
scored below eighty yeah no then I gotta get
my book deal back
[Laughter]
[Music]
we just were informed that our PI was
taken over to the judge's table and it's
about to be tasted and scored I have a
stomachache so nervous you can't don't
stare don't stare
I get really competitive and really
nervous this is why I should never
compete because I go psychotic when it
almost looks like a cool
he always here feels like water liquid
in it maybe it's like having three
custom Rosco states no no no that's
clean game clean game no bribing judges
of John we're gonna pick the winners
right maybe we'll be one of them
and there's a first second and third I
think is the is the bracket okay
and I think we did pretty good chance
there but you know what the judges they
know what they're doing let's um well
I'd feel great about our pies I mean we
did our best under the circumstances we
have appliances
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
we did not we did not we did not place
we didn't even get prettiest fine I'm
upset and happy at the same time I did
necessarily want to win I'm inside I'm
like our pine is really good I can't
leave third place mmm nothing but hey
you know what in the big picture yeah
I'm kind of glad cause like I'm gonna
feel like a jerk like if we go out if we
like one
we're interlopers it's kind of like a
double-edged sword because I after all
that like shit away I know I feel
worthless also I need a turkey leg feel
better you ate a turkey leg I need one
no we losers don't get turkey leg role I
can't believe how many pies I made in my
life
we didn't even place world-class pumpkin
pie was world-class Claire I've had a
lot of pumpkin pie and I love pumpkin
pie forget the cherry pie I didn't want
to do that this is about pumpkin pie all
right we came to a fruit competition
with a pumpkin pop okay oh we didn't win
really so let's let's just focus on what
we came here to do
quiet on set please we have the final
meal to prepare for Thanksgiving we're
gonna rally all the truth then Cape Cod
so I'm gonna head there
here you go to Cape Cod do you think
I'll meet up with the rest of the gang
and we'll we'll meet you up there no
rush we'll be there exactly when we said
we're gonna be there we're gonna be in a
hot kitchen cooking on a beautiful
summer day
oh we know it going sweet stuff I'm
actually really hungry
[Music]
[Music]

Title - Brad and Andy Try to Make the Perfect Pizza Sauce | Making Perfect Episode Two | Bon Appetit
I think we probably might like peace
pizza the release growing between the
group I like pizza I like pizza but it's
not dinner but exactly we both say pizza
is a snack why don't you guys stay in
your lane not for a second
well we're all driving now legit
I had another malfunction my oven turned
off
that's great thank you I can get in your
head fine let's focus on the sauce I
think in my mind I thought all of you
guys are great in search of the perfect
pizza
it's got tomato sauce ultimate exactly I
know it's the gold standard well can I
just say what I don't like which is the
sauces that are like so concentrated
tomato paste dealing break apart in
those little clumps introduce my plans
like yeah all right fresh bright it
can't just beat Tomatoes I think like a
little bit of garlic is necessary in a
bit of oil definitely also each one that
needs to be really settled so that it
comes here they're not like freaking
ketchup or anything but like yeah tomato
sauce for pizza
Andi you had pretty strong feelings
about sauce so like you guys can maybe
work on sauce Andi you really it's just
really foreign seasonably hard tomato
sauce one of my favorite things
[Applause]
[Music]
great so I know we had some notes from
our group discussion last week a hint of
natural sweet I'm curious who wrote
that's got a handwriting of a child
no definitely barely cooked sauce I
think I could get behind that food mill
sauce san marzano
I mean sure yeah right that's kind of
that industry standard
this says prototype sauce yeah yeah
garlic in sauce a hint whole Tomatoes oh
and then the last one Oh someone nailed
it yeah so I guess like the big debate
right now is if we're gonna use fresh
tomatoes or canned tomatoes so like why
don't we go about that first
yeah start dabbling around yeah let's
figure it out I say look we got this
nice little list of pizzerias here in
New York finally call some up all right
we'll do it anonymously and we'll ask me
what do you guys use you guys use canned
tomatoes a fresh tomatoes here we go
yeah how's it going John hey I just had
a quick question for you what's your
sauce I'm obsessed with it do you guys
geez can the fresh tomatoes Oh trade
secret is it are they crushed or you put
them through a food mill all right cool
well hey thank you very much ladies can
they use can it was a little funny I
thought that and there but she said be
put it in a blender I don't know how I
feel about that hey I'm curious about
your pizza do you guys use fresh or
canned tomatoes for your pizza fresh
tomatoes how do you guys go about making
a sauce then it
she got weird she was like I just served
the coffee I love your pizza I was
curious about the sauce that you guys
used you guys use fresh for canned
tomatoes on it can tomatoes can you tell
me is it is it whole tomatoes or is it
crushed or pureed he said fresh special
order of Pomodoro or the calm okay can
can I call back in a half an hour
well why this is uncomfortable you say
call back at one secret ingredient well
I mean there's definitely tomatoes in it
at least right is it fresh or can can
you tell me that you know jump right out
of the gate you wouldn't break for the
neck you got it you got to ease it in a
little Andy laughs let's call someone
who is kind of expecting us maybe we'll
get some clear answers out of them I
know
let's call scarce beef okay let's do it
hello scar hey doing this is Brad from
overhead bone Appetit I know you were
working I've been talking about dough
with a co-worker of mine Claire so I
just let that work for a while I just
want to pick your brain real quick about
some sauce do you guys how you guys use
canned or fresh tomatoes canned
I'm sure this might be a trade secret
you guys throw like a little basil
oregano maybe an anchovy I've heard
people doing I cool maybe we'll catch
you next time well you know you can't
tell all this oh I don't know you need
just maybe go back to journalism school
when they call one more yeah oh wow I
live in the neighborhood I love your
guys's pizza I was curious about the
sauce do you guys use fresh or canned
tomatoes can't do you guys put any
garlic or olive oil in that people
really are stubborn about talking about
pizza yeah I would probably hang out
there so we're at five to two so a
producer knows someone who is a food
scientist what's the difference between
fresh tomatoes and canned tomatoes I
don't know
hoping she does let's give her bugs yeah
absolutely
hey loser huh
how are you guys doing I'm Brad this is
Andy well yeah so I get we won't pick
your brain a little bit about canned
versus fresh tomato it depends so if
you're removing the skin which often is
the case in happens to have foiled quite
a few of the aroma compounds so some of
the flavor compounds are in the skin so
that is gonna be lost just to some
extent and let them mix better but why
did you look at tomato especially at
high heat you're bringing out to other
pigment lycopene and ludian
and they give a real nice rich red color
to the product so the color changes a
lot when you heat is there a benefit to
crushing your own whole field canned
tomatoes as opposed to getting one
that's already been crushed it's gonna
affect picking properties of your tomato
too so if you hand crush or do a real
coarse kind of crush some of the
cellulose which is going to get
structure and it gives a thickening
quality to the tomato sauce is gonna be
intact if I am the fresh tomato I want
to eat it raw sometimes if you have a
canned tomato that's picked at the right
time and canned right away which they
typically are after that got a pretty
good product they're cute
when you're making your saucer pizza out
of curiosity do you add any garlic to it
or the beauty of pizza is its bread its
tomatoes and its cheese I mean that's
just fabulous
so extra oh I don't really go crazy salt
salts really important thanks you guys
nice to meet you roast was talking about
the color and how like can tomatoes
typically tend to be slightly red a
little more red I think we attended a we
want it to be a still have that kind of
bright glossy color before it goes into
the oven let's fool around with some
fresh tomatoes just for the sake of it
yeah let's taste it and see how it goes
we're in the middle of winter like this
is not pick tomato season so I know
we're not dealing with the best but at
least we were able to find a variety of
tomatoes like these will blanch oh well
through the mill get them into our you
know Pope you kind of see this status
will core them and then will score them
top bottom we're meeting you know those
and it will remove them placed an ice
bath oh yeah yeah just look at that
they're both plump Tomatoes to be able
to be using fresh you want to get his
right was boss yeah these are the plum
tomatoes and these are their skins okay
not bad
they smell has this foamy look to it it
is a little foamy pretty easy this
doesn't smell nearly as off the hell did
you do with that I know but like let's
teach the the viewers I mean kind of
have crossbows as this and then you just
get all the seeds out no well let's see
let's see the difference and then you
have all these seeds over here oh you
are a big mess in the st Cheech the
sink is where the garbage goes oh you're
one of those huh
what smell one of each it tastes of all
[Music]
it's not terrible oh she's kind of blah
that's like mom's bruschetta but it's
like look at that what are you doing FTA
okay this looks like almost bubbling and
it's not a great color yeah it is a
little brown don't hate the flavor too
wet too wet this one it's I know we kind
of thought the flavor was good and both
start but its water
I think the consistency of the plum is
the consistency the color and the color
is great yeah if you're gonna go fresh
conventional tomatoes ripe as possible
plum so that's the case so let's say we
fire up these ovens we'll know a couple
canned tomatoes and interest for the
sake of comparison mm-hmm
here's our fresh plum tomatoes that we
build uh I'm this is a whole peeled
undrained San Marzano tomatoes we're
just seeing how to react so what do you
say why don't we make two pizzas already
you see the big difference in color
though most Britain test I don't look
right and not too much cheese
strategic placements no cornmeal I like
that it's all about the wrist and
keeping it flat let's go all of this way
the dough can sense fear and II just
saying this will clear taught me and it
really stuck with me and it makes a lot
of sense its technique that muscle okay
gym rats yeah yeah you want to get Aaron
you know you got it to the oven oh start
the timer bad not bad again it's about
the sauce anyway Andy look at that
it got watered out Clara this is for you
there's that leopard print leopard spots
oh Jesus
oh wait cheese foul an error I mean
braided off the bat visually color this
color is great consistency the spread
like that looks sad is it sick in the
liquid all the liquid went into the dome
well we're gonna be able to work with I
don't think fresh it do it yeah can't
for sure and there's so many varieties I
think we still need to kind of look and
see which brands were like well we take
a little trip let's go Arthur Avenue I'm
ready let's go to the Bronx Bronx and do
some shopping deal
giulio we came up here Arthur Avenue the
Bronx little Italian neighborhood yeah
I'm hoping to find the good stuff you
know a little bit more of a selection
than just your regular grocery we got it
here in New York why not you know Oh
crazy town English citric acid Lamanna
seems to be like the right spot where we
get to be right off the bat I see these
numbers I was telling you about it's
those Mount Vesuvius where it's growing
on the volcanic soil but a braid them
like that and hang them and they stay
fresh for like up to a year what I'm
telling you google it blew my mind I
know you like this for for lady shows
please we'll get a couple of these your
lady friends here get a couple of these
too I mean different woman I don't know
if they're peels nah but it won't won't
see that's one way to find out right
Your Honor we're looking trying to make
pizza if I want to come and get some
other varieties of uh you know they you
wouldn't just find in a conventional
supermarket this is the number one brand
in Italy so that's what I use in my
pizza sauce okay but what I do my pizza
so I just use the plum I don't use the
juice we strain it we use just the plump
parts and then how do you break the
thread we Britt we cooked it down a
little bit and Ducati flavor a little
garlic it's like a quick sauce as we
call okay and it's a sauce not gravy
yeah chunk is the best yeah and what it
kind of cooks to the dough the right
mozzarella of course is very important
right up front it's like they knew we
were coming in let's check out the
ingredients these are important these
are gonna plump you might as Santa Rosa
own tomato juice I got good feeling
about this one I did too
hey Marion I'm Andy good Andy I see you
got some tomatoes for us yeah very cool
huh see right here we're trying to make
the perfect sauce for pizza well you
came to the right place but we have
here's the deal Pete product yeah this
is registered with consortium
each one is certified from the
consortium this is from sama-sama Italy
and you could tell that the tomatoes
look at them they're beautiful long and
thin that piece of basil the taste the
perfume everything is very good about
this and then what the liquid is just
the juice
is this some coming up URI I never seen
this brand yeah what are those these are
from San Marzano they're very good and
this is just for a private company that
we saw revolta Oh New York City so he
can buy that hey sure well we'll have to
get a couple of those but this is that
was super helpful thank you now we're
back in the Test Kitchen and we're gonna
get cooking
Wow let's taste them first let's taste
them let's say some straight out of the
can and are we gonna cook them I don't
know we wanted with whole Tomatoes
because that just minimally processed
one time when I was younger I was
opening up a can of tomatoes like this
and I guess I had my hand like this and
I pull the bait intention and the can I
guess seven stitches seven stitches
laughter dramatic enjoy okay we're all
to the youngest and more prone to
accidents the youngest of what when
you're the youngest child aren't you
yeah it was really cool of us okay I'm
very excited they're not peeled so
that's one thing a little watery it's
pretty nice
it's pretty nice it's a little metallic
this is a fun little touch more read the
liquid itself is a lot more thick it
seems though that was some good olive
oil would be oh yeah I like that pretty
well-balanced I would take it over the
mountain tomatoes tomato so let's try
this one so this Cerveny looks a little
dark number I'm a scientist
remember you're saying when the cooks
they get darker and pigment he's just a
touch too acidic for me
this looks nice uh-huh those tomatoes
are really beautiful money oh grown in
California this is people yeah
skinless tastes very different delicious
only concern is it's already been kind
of fasted up over too much pure a basil
leaf hope you'll tomatoes so it looks
like it could be the firmus out of all
them yeah I just got a bite the skin -
that was not pretty not was there so
pretty
they're the most they're still kind of
like wrong what do you think I think the
flavor is fine okay two more marker
libellus Arizona just visually there's
like this cloudiness to it you see the
pool of liquid that'll release pale red
water I would put these as laughs right
now sorry they said these are really
good Tomatoes
you know I've been lied to before their
shape seems really nice
okay all right kind of pale but it
doesn't release too much liquid just
kind of bland so this is our last pic
for now the mountain tomatoes are second
to last these next home and then this is
where it gets really tricky San Marzano
plum peeled tomato san marzano tomato
juice basil leaf salt organic Tomatoes
they're from California sea salt and
organic bitter well how do you feel
about it being from California I'm okay
with that I think some of the best
tomatoes in the world or the best
tomatoes in the world are from
California it's kind of a similar
climate we yeah this has every climate
that's it that's the winners what's fun
Jolla don't tell me
delicious a little salt olive oil
forget it yep thank you for making your
job really almost not fair because
there's salt and basil but all of these
have salt and basil the quality of the
tomato really comes through yeah and
that's kind of what it's all about yeah
canned canned questions are still
crushed by hand or food mill drain or no
drain across from mill so we'll figure
out these afternoon what else
garlic yeah garlic or no garlic I like
the idea we are attacking about of
blooming a little lightly a little
garlic like an oil yeah so we can agree
on that right now we are not gonna grate
garlic just gonna be really garlic
forward I find I think you want a bit of
that sliced garlic slipped in that's how
you see it in Goodfellas and that's how
I think we should be doing it today
cooker no cooked drain or no drain
crusher mill yeah garlic all right yeah
we got some work to do what's up let's
start with the let's crush a few and
then we'll do a couple got it right off
the back I like the crush texture kinda
well yeah how do you feel you're not
gonna get away from these oh and then
you have this it still has texture but
you don't get that I don't need that on
my pizza I don't really need that in my
life it's not very nice so if we're
gonna crush your milk
you know it's a good thing that we did
drain them because it's plenty wet this
is good texture hey it's pretty good
already it's done think definitely salt
definitely yeah I need some love it
needs some little hint the garlic would
be there still yeah I think the first
test should be all rough will do olive
oil will do sliced garlic and do I can
tomatoes okay
it might need more but we could taste
later all right here we go okay okay
okay we're different and that's okay but
just give me the tape just give me the
tape just where's the whole tape okay no
hold on no I agree sure maybe I seem to
put just like let me be you do you let
me do this stuff that's this is this is
like are you gonna be the tape guy angry
number two is gonna be tablespoon of oil
yeah garlic heat it pull it mix yes
number three is gonna be like cooked
everything just cook okay no color no
color yes yeah we just want the natural
sweetness and that fragrance to come
through and flavor the sauce but other
than that we don't need any bitter or
deep carmelization from the garlic I'm
just gonna have to say to it adding it's
too much garlic yeah too much garlic oh
so we got a lot of sis
let's taste it look at this this is like
oh did you make garlic stew it's
definitely a little too thick middle
some more Tomatoes we'll start over okay
I'm gonna pour this in a measuring cup
why because I mean III dad I'm sorry
you know blaming on my mother scooped
three cups out yeah I was dying to know
what our yield low six cups two cups for
tests yeah yeah she comes with us so
number three is cooked
this is gonna be bloomed in oil and this
will be raw okay raw first okay one okay
great well I think I should slice the
garlic just because we're fighting
America but he said the mandolin I
sliced it is my fault
then we'll cook this just gently wait
what did you just do well we're gonna
heat it up no do you feel strongly about
Chris what he just did right now all
together we're gonna heat it up you
think you should do the garlic in the
oil and you add the tomatoes then you
let it cook a little bit you don't know
what we're trying to do is everything's
together and you're just gonna do a
light simmer on Mars like what you want
to be romantic no it's so not right or
we do a fourth we do we do you know some
more Oh we'll see the big flavor
difference fire it up we'll get to the
bottom of this
raw garlic oil tomato garlic name
through the garlic came through I mean
and that's been sitting for like twenty
minutes
Garland's booked it a little bit and
then added the raw tomato and then
pulled out Carla comes here they can
taste like a little toaster this is the
where it's all combined and just brought
up the middle like that I do
can't believe just try it this is where
again that's all cooked except you cook
the garlic first and then you add the
tomatoes it's good it's a little better
I think yeah that's good that's better
we're not gonna tell you what's what but
can you just taste all four of these and
tell us what you think to better in
there
this one's awesome
I don't know so this one like I'm saying
like it's like yeah Japanese like yes
I can't quite decide on
like I'm getting something too bad sorry
Andy whoa I guess we have our two
winners
you know never you know never sleep on
the ugly duckling let's say we break out
some dough's I make a little pizza
that's it I'm ready for it yeah
congratulations
nice dough Claire you go with the spin
and practicing all weekend this is one
ladle full yeah I need more sauce all
right I'm going in wait why I don't know
I'm going in wait Oh what happened you
did that you did that you did that yeah
put a little bit of flour in front oh
you got it
Kazu watch it that way you guys sausage
first number nope nope you don't I don't
know you're not always right
remember the dough can sense fear
ah when you turn it on the minute mark
two minute mark yeah well like naught is
a little good texture right just a nice
little bit of acidity cuz they're pretty
nicely it still tastes like tomato yeah
you used a little bit more sauce but I
did a rotation and then for tasting the
difference if there is much of a
difference it's it's it's subtle and I
think this isn't brighter too though I
think let's do it without any cheese all
right great
the differences are so subtle yeah geez
kind of hides it okay oh yeah by Chris
Brown why are you keep checking worried
about your soup sandwich alright I think
mine looks really amazing yours is
looking more like American and mine's
more European oh Jesus Christ
I had a issue
Molly just quickly which Pizza would you
rather have oh my god I'm just getting
nothing look I didn't I had another
malfunction my of internal off all right
let's focus on the sauce before sit
around it kind of has that like clean
flavor of like the fresh tomato the
garlic and the oil just as beautiful
things are variables that can solve that
was nice and it's all lovely yep
okay cracker
this is a touch sweeter and I don't mind
it I'm trying to not just think of like
what is the better sauce but what is the
best sauce that'll interact with the
dough with the cheese with the toppings
so what are your thoughts I want
something with a touch more acidity
which means going for the raw one wrong
whatever cheese Molly and Carla decide
to land on it's gonna be something it's
gonna be milk fat and that that fat is
going to be cut by the acidity from the
tomato yeah I think you know it's a very
simple sauce and highlighting just using
really maybe we can get some really good
garlic for them with our final itza yep
we have good olive oil we have the food
mountain tomato about that the mill
cleaners got the dough and cuts up the
cheese and Bianco tomatoes let's go me
it's gotta killed it oh candid is why
miss Bianco yep and then he went built
after mill we went to no cook cold no
cook this was a good adventure yeah I
think I think we really figured some
stuff out and um you know if anything we
got to see that all canned tomatoes are
definitely not created equal not at all
I've seen unbelievable how much of a
difference yeah big-time
we're Clair's out with the dough seems
great you know a sour sauce is nice now
that really is balanced it's a little
bit of natural sweetness you know it
just depends on the chase it's gonna
make a break yeah oh the hard work that
we've done so far
who's making the best motel in the world
rain doing in the mozzarella surgery it
turns out that two hours of
shipped will not make you a cheese
master
[Music]