Title - Claire and Brad Make the Perfect Thanksgiving Pie | Making Perfect Thanksgiving Ep Five | Bon Appetit
hopefully it doesn't turn into brussel
sprout oh honey come show her like make
it ugly we don't have time to screw
around yeah I will not be the last thing
on that table
we're sizzling over here that's one yet
for sure I swear because in the comments
of YouTube people are like how come
Clara never travels I have a conspiracy
that's the only reason is that a
conspiracy theory that's why we're going
together so the question is not what
kind of pie but how many times yes and
also take a vote who loves pumpkin
you don't like pumpkin pie at all i it's
on my favorite no it's so underwhelming
whose favorite good even when it's like
just my family and I like I'm the fussy
one with the desserts not surprisingly
but like I'm like I can refuse to choose
so even when it's like five people for
Thanksgiving I make three pies and
pumpkin yeah how does pumpkin win in
that scenario I would take pumpkin why
because it's so classic and it's never
anywhere else but thank you yeah yeah
and I grew up it was my favorite I just
get in trouble for eating too much of it
so I love the cold too much pilot way
yeah it could be like a pumpkin or the
pecan top but I don't necessarily want
it like just to get the beets in there I
don't necessarily want to compromise
like it wasn't the experience I've been
hybridizing it really better I don't
know you could play around that's
because the surface of pumpkin pie is
like nothing is happening and though the
only good part of pecan pie is the tops
yeah can you do anything else with that
circling like is its paste is it yeah
I'm not a huge desert guy but I love pie
actually I actually want to fly a
competition one time I make I'm sorry
[Laughter]
you wouldn't work with me on it I would
love to I just claimed it sorry no I
just it's my favorite thing to make I
mean we already get in trouble for
eating too much pie so yeah I would like
to see it brought too much pie right
over the envelope oh Jesus oh hey retro
- tell us because they knew I wouldn't
get mad about where we win reward
am I being served that we're going to
Denver and we're there for two nights oh
my god this wine with the pie wait when
is the contest by four pm tomorrow we
have to have good up the perfect
Thanksgiving pie recipe and make two
additional pies just - what's the price
with all first place we lost about the
prize bragging rights over there you
know where's the best pie making
competition in the world we gotta go to
Denver that's where the right
guys we're making pumpkin pie we already
decided that no but a pumpkin pie
doesn't have a lid but hold on you're
talking you want me to enter in a
pumpkin pie during a summer pie contest
with all the other summer never gonna
win I'm entering a pirate area pie
that's what I'm making wheat bread says
unlabeled or incorrectly labelled items
I'm getting this will be disqualified
out cleric good luck I'm gonna go walk
around and get it I can Italian ice
crowd but you did one time win a pie
contest I do hold a true all right
Claire all right read him off Brad kind
of got a little bit of curveball with
the whole competition in there fruits
and all
yeah but I'm regardless we're all we're
all gonna be winners on this one right
let's just make the perfect height for
us and what we're gonna present it and
if we win we win if we don't we don't
all right so let's just focus on what we
want to do with making the perfect pie
for things yeah right though let's focus
all right
thanks Rita mine pecan pecan con praline
hate it what I took away from the round
table was the idea of pumpkin pie
filling with the top of a pecan pie
which sounds so great so delicious okay
bourbon yeah we're gonna mean yeah
bourbon I love fall blind me yeah yeah
big-time
especially with the people because we
know we're doing a single crust soggy
bottom yeah no side you know talking
about in full blind bake to avoid a
soggy but sweet inner that's a question
mark it's like what kind of sweetener do
brown sugar and what maple I like a
little maple maybe a little brown sugar
- okay Libby's for short yeah Libby's is
gonna save our lives we don't have time
to like exhaustively test every crust
Under the Sun I think we should use a
tried-and-true pie crust that we have
that we might be buttering yeah cuz I
did one for this deep fish apple pie a
couple years ago and then that crust
recipe got used and a lot of different
like additional pine
I think Rafal it could be a really nice
it's like really nutty and savory yeah
so let's just try that all right to the
base pie you know is the more than you
said we used a bunch with started with
the apple pie yeah Oh Rick man look he
used it with a blueberry pie which was
fantastic okay remember that let's make
the dough first so we can say we can get
that into the fridge yeah do you want to
incorporate some
rye flour into this I think I think we
should have a nice little nuttiness to
it yeah so if three and a half cups
flour total I think we should do a half
cup I water it out and over all right
half cup rye
three cups all-purpose flour this is not
sound
oh yeah just gives us mrs local this is
from New York State yeah thanks for
bringing the goods yeah thanks very good
we'll bring it back mix here two
tablespoons sugar yeah now the butter is
kind of the foundation of this yeah
butter we have is the Vermont Creamery
cultured butter unsalted and what I love
about a cultured butter and it adds a
nice like nutty big flavor and like a
little tank yeah so sooner than
all-butter crust we want like you will
just a flavorful butter and I also like
this one because this butter is a pretty
high fat content well the higher fat
content just makes like a flaky or more
tender crust we were told that the crust
is very important for this competition
it's not the battle it's like the bread
of a sandwich it has to be the perfect
pie we're gonna just chill this to firm
it up because it's a little bit soft
it's kind of been sitting at room temp
for a bit I think different sized pieces
of butter are very important for pie
dough because it's that a regular
texture that gives you all those great
like layers so we want to chill it down
so let's use some of this ice water just
cover the ice just gonna chill it out
and then we'll measure from there all
right so we're just going to set this
aside and let the vodka chill the
alcohol in vodka helps to hydrate the
flour and give you a workable dough but
gluten only forms in the presence of
water so the less water you add the less
gluten the more tender your crust of the
idea of vodka is you just get something
more tender when you use it as the
liquid
all right firm enough okay so butter
goes in we don't need to do it to people
if you want to quickly smash in the
butter into pieces so then I like to
leave some pieces kind of big
little lumpy do you want the gorgeous
pieces of butter about the size of a pea
I'll leave them a little bit bigger than
that it was fast for two people okay
this feels good okay ready yep you guys
so the idea here is we're trying to add
as little liquid as possible to bring
this together this is your way of
avoiding over hydrating the whole thing
a little bit of rye really does change
the follow yeah and that'll also change
how the flour hydrates to the work that
we're ready to wrap it up and kill it it
feels good when you put it into a square
so that when you roll your rectangle but
just would like square it off edges and
rolling out it helps yeah so when I put
it into the plastic I like to use a
rolling pin or sometimes just the heel
on my hand to flatten it and like force
it into all the little nooks and
crannies of the plastic I think that it
helps to bring the dough together into
one piece so it's easier to roll out and
it just I think also forces the flour to
hydrate more evenly it's good that you
see these little areas of butter too you
want those discreet butter pieces in the
French filling plan Olivia
flying into Livi's classic yeah perfect
let's just make that
Libby's it's just such a great canned
product no reason to make they did the
hard work already in a way and it's
already strained that's like super
smooth low water content so it makes an
excellent pumpkin pie filling and my
thought was that we should just use the
famous pumpkin pie recipe on the back of
the Libby's pan as our base these are
the proportions in a custard filling is
like yeah like how much dairy how much
egg
how much sugar how much you make some
little altercations right alterations
what I say multiplications yes yeah
smells good
we have the one case is just the pumpkin
and tonight and tonight I want to enrich
it with an extra yolk just view
sometimes pumpkin pie can read like it's
just baked puree
it's super important in a pumpkin pie
good flight you have to slice it happy
able to hold this meat the point they
need your point
in truth straight sides I'm hoping for
some OOP no yep I couldn't I couldn't
work right in
like so much right yeah there's
something a lot it's gonna be a loose
filling Carnival is pretty strong so
maybe that's the half teaspoon of that
yeah so the recipe calls for one teaspoon
of ground ginger I'm gonna add a
teaspoon so that I'll make two a total
go ahead and add that then two teaspoons
cinnamon yeah so that's all that's of
course you've been told
let's keep maple okay I like that right
yeah that's good you mix that up I'm
gonna grab ramekins for us to test okay
that's the filling you know what we
didn't add is nutmeg you want to add
alone up there Oh big time stop
everything just be clear we are not
showing you up with a cherry right oh
yes we are
oh really yeah we are oh I got it Brad
don't worry about it okay happy for
nothing
oh that is it it's good but I usually
get in trouble for eating too much
baklava
my bodies have to make too because I
would eat it like non-stop really like
I've like four times that I'd be
sneaking in getting cold out of the
fridge you always just cut off a little
sliver from yeah yeah and that's like
who ate half the pie it was bread we
should focus clave the rest of the
filling unbaked
focus on the pecan cuz this tastes
awesome as it's gonna be delicious let's
bake it like you're saying see if we're
happy if we want to tweak this yeah and
then once we're happy with our base then
we can here say we could done fool
around a little bit with the pecan so we
should also probably start twisting some
pecans yeah that's nothing
[Music]
no more salt but maybe we do a little
salt at the end just a little juice okay
so it's been a half an hour this guy is
ready to come out the so the edges are
puff it probably baked a little bit hot
they're pulling on the table tbh well we
should point out look on the outside
they're like the outer ring it's
starting to like setup firm yeah I
needed Rose a little I think is fake too
hot too hot so we have to wait for this
to cool a bit more until we can taste it
but we had a thought earlier about how
we're gonna basically do this pecan
topping on on the pumpkin yeah yeah that
works yeah okay so the idea is to
achieve something like this and then put
it back in the oven so it's gonna be a
tricky thing about timing it's like and
what point do we pull the pie out and
put the pecans on I think I under a
little bit oh well we'll just paste from
the edge it over Bates and the
underbaked loose we can taste it the
outside where it's actually like nicely
I love glad we went with the cream mmm
okay so this is the crust it's you
chilled in the fridge it hasn't been a
full two hours maybe maybe even more
like an hour and a half but you can see
how much it's firmed up like it was a
softer dough when it went in and now
everything's hydrated this is like a
dramatic transformation of texture which
I think also has a lot to do with the
vodka yeah so this is enough for two
crusts so I'm gonna cut it in half okay
so now I'm gonna roll it out and I want
to make it into a nice long slab so I
think for a nine inch pie plate relate
to go to about twelve or thirteen inch round so
this looks good
and now it's getting soft we'll see if I
can get it a roll of it roll it
[Music]
all right that's right we can pass this
is a very forgiving no I mean like you
can patch it all right yeah okay
nevermind so I'll have lots of overhang
that I can work with I think the
important thing about pie when you put
it into the plate it's like let it slump
don't don't stretch it into the bottom
so now I cut around about a half inch
overhang this is weird oh I think a lot
of it is the Rye Rhoda's telling me to
crimp it and I kind of agree with her
we've been impressed you know it's not a
very extensive old dough or elastic
dough I know but it's also like worried
about it falling apart in the oven and
having no structure at all yeah before
we bake this I'm gonna freeze it to like
set it in place I'm gonna do what you
did there so we also have a dough same
the same as the one you just made just
without without right right and this one
was all ice water not vodka cool I kind
of like the idea of bourbon or what if
it's rye and I like you know right and
the filling and rye it's like a double
ripe I double ripe I hello another
really good idea but you gotta use rye
whiskey that burger yeah that's what I
said oh I really wasn't paying I'm sorry
your intro and yeah you hold it you
folded it under the lip you told me to
do that I meant under itself I was like
wow that's gonna be hard to clean and
slice she's talking about I'll do it pop
that in the freezer the freezer
I like the freezer too like really
shocking cold yeah so our pie crusts are
in the freezer they need about ten
minutes to chill you know you like to do
that before you bake them yeah in the
meantime let's make another another
mixture or another filling mixture
everything's the same except we're
having the clove is it little too
present for adding a little bit more
brown sugar because I think the whole
thing could use a
for sweetness we're also adding quarter cup
of rye whiskey so we have to salt yeah
ready
yeah okay that's a nice looking filling
we're gonna bring in our two frozen line
pie plates now we're setting up for a
blind bake what's the blind bake all
there's a lot of technique in this in
these steps so first we bake it waited
because you know that butter wants to
puff up and make the crust really flaky
so these are dried oh my god this is a
nightmare waiting to happen
no stay in the steel ball bearings okay
thanks twenty minutes later okay it's
looking a little weird huh this is the
Reich rust with the vodka this crust is
not right something weird about it it's
like the lack of water which is nothing
is happening the way it should so I'm
taking out the weights and then I'm
putting it back in at around three hundred fifty look at
your flaky crust hold on I can't see
yeah oh yeah yeah it looks so good look
at the flakes wait good we'll put these
back in so I set the timer for ten
minutes we'll check it I don't want to
take a little egg wash okay I brushed on
the bottom I don't put it back in the
other actually to like create like oh
like a watertight barrier with the BOTS
with filling okay it's actually I think
at a good stage of baking its kind of
golden so the thing we're testing is
just a little egg wash over half of the
dough and this in theory was you want
that to bake on to it yeah so we're
gonna show yes I'm gonna put it back in
the oven for a few minutes so that sets
you would be the same thing on the other
one on the other crash sure oh yeah
here let's uh what what are you doing I
just have to poke a little hole for
steam to escape and now you can get hit
with the egg okay I would decorate that
yeah
just to the flakes don't come on all
right I'm gonna be good okay like look
at this like this like that no it's like
it's like feels like that right okay so
I'm gonna pour in and like look it right
there that's a little bit of a crack so
the egg wash is just like seals
everything up okay you want to pull
yours out on corman together
[Music]
what a beautiful crust bread we got a
little leftover that I love the
flakiness on that cross yeah the side of
your crust looks so good you get it
really gently nice moves some people
pour that in the oven yeah but I want to
do that let's head to the feet all right
who knows lungs gonna tape we had our
maple Koated nights that we toasted up
last time yeah butter it's a brown sugar
but it was kind of like separated it
wasn't really we want that like coated
nice yeah candied looks like an airy
crunch and you mentioned whipping a
little whipping some egg whites with
sugar with the sugar yeah there's a good
quick method for candying nothing like
you would start a meringue but we're not
gonna bring it to beat right the brown
sugar in the end yeah I thought it could
be a good way to all of it yeah
oh yeah that looks good feel really good
about that
[Music]
all right this pie is ready Brad oh
heavens it looks all the way to wobble
that's the wobble that's a wobble yeah
whoa now look crackage but that's okay
well it's gonna settle for that boy no I
think I want him to settle on top okay
fine okay you do yours I'll do my mother
okay this is gonna go back into the oven
no one cares okay so my pie went back in
the oven with the pecan topping your pie
needs a little more time before it gets
that produced a difference in oven temp
my pie finally at the right temperature
we got that we're ready to manage it
it's like you saying you don't want that
ripple it you just want a little bit of
wiggle it went over yeah that's okay no
way to go to the carrier it's fine all
right what if it doesn't work yeah I
hope it works yeah so I think that it's
done because the tops of these are dry
so I turned the oven off and I'm gonna
let it just cool with the door open
which will prevent big cracks from
forming and now all I have right oh
you're really pushing them in there I
feel like if we were gonna enter this
into a pie making competition like we
should have a cool design I was thinking
that but that just feels so like not us
you know a little more maybe around that
yeah maybe around the edges no no no the
guy wasn't picturing necessarily a lot
of the pumpkin from poking through I
suppose it's up for interpretation
so our pies are basically done we feel
really good about basically all the
components tomorrow will just really be
about seeing how they all come together
but we do want to set up a dough so that
we can really get started first thing
tomorrow morning and get these pies
baked because I'm gonna get on a plane
with them we don't need to be hot Oh
everything right except for changing no
more vodka
don't worry about cutting
[Music]
yeah I agree so pop that in the fridge
yep we can pour our pies out of the oven
I think we should pull them yeah oh my
god I think here's needed more time Brad
more time with the nuts why the dry no
they're not dry yeah see what - like I'm
gonna bring it over here I did have more
of a mixture yeah throw it anymore no I
think I think it's cooked I mean I think
it's now that you'll be able to go back
I kind of like the look at this one oh
my god with this better the rest I think
it'll do that sort of puffing and again
a really nice so yeah break the crimp if
you couldn't throw this on a table and
be like my kid nice like these cool
overnight will test them we'll try them
out tomorrow I just ate that really good
all right so I feel really good about
tomorrow and see that hope you're ready
to eat pie at nine thirty in the morning
right we'll see a view at breakfast yet
I had an English muffin we have to eat
some pie okay
yeah well what I left mine on this meat
rack yes I left mine in the oven because
I was my concern is that those nuts on
the surface are gonna pull moisture from
the air because they're so sugary and
get kind of soggy so I stored mine in
the oven just for humidity it's a good
test
are you read that one I'll grab this one
okay right here another lower one and
eat your pie
[Laughter]
so pretty yeah yours is way better
looking wait look how beautiful oh it's
great I'm loving okay that will bring
into the car maybe the crescents kind of
messed up wait I think they both look
better because I like a very nice like
mom like you say both your kids are good
mine's clearly not oh okay that's an
acceptable way to compare me to a mom
but are we making - pie yeah but I don't
they have to be this
but we're not bringing I'm compared to
the competition yes we are it's over
bring a cherry pie we're bringing off
bringing kids admit to but we're two
people I need you to enter with your own
you want me to die you want me to take a
loss shine with the cherry no I don't
think I'm saying I think that what's
gonna happen is whichever wouldn't you
enter with you're probably gonna win
it's like when he made sour dough and
your bread turned out better oh I see
what you're doing there come on you know
I'm a little slicker than that all right
look at that you like throw it in the
garbage
yeah nice try okay it's nice yep you're
the problem what I love how very little
the filling is not quite fed enough
undercooked we don't have that yeah I'm
curious to see how set yours is cuz
yours went a little longer maybe we want
to hold back a little heavy cream yours
almost looks a little more sad you think
so let's taste them and see this is a
delicious pumpkin pie I do want it a
little more set more time if it is cold
it would yeah I think all that butter
fat in the cream will firm up try this
one this is one where we added the
little bit of brown sugar I didn't get a
whole bite I have I'm actually good good
it's really delicious with the pumpkin
is I definitely don't work it's one of
my favorite pies of all time I think we
have to take out a little liquid and
we're cold yeah and you think that'll
help it had that little more of a set
yeah I mean it definitely held look
there's no no just make it less liquid
even there's no cut Mellie as I know
what that cut belly cut like you know
you can cut it and then it like mmm
uh-huh
forms like a little belly if it's not
set belly okay great
we have to get started because the baby
of this pie in the oven in the next hour
and twenty five minutes let's do it
I look back on our reference recipe of a
pumpkin pie that I did and we had a lot
more egg proportionate to each pie so
we're gonna add a couple eggs and you
think that'll help at the settings
custardy yeah that we were all slacking
a little in that okay pie
in addition to the fact
the cream I hope and adding four
tablespoons butter we're gonna add two
eggs picked heo googlegroup here's all
the spices and salt
it's five-speed okay looks great yeah it
looks really good
a little worried about time we're doing
yeah we're on during the whole cherry
pie true curveball
war under the gun so it's not the phrase
oh they're nice we have to take off a
test batch just to confirm that the
spilling is right where we want it to be
yeah it was poured around it so I think
we're just gonna bake off this much it
was about a half a cup oh you pour
boiling water yeah just to bring it up
and then I don't know yeah for this will
be quickly right there and then great
tip Claire this is the dough that we
made last thing before you went home
today look at the color of this crust I
love I love the color and it got so firm
[Music]
alright oh that was great
that that dough seems like it's better
today you know I'm not used to that Brad
usually it's deposited so let me back up
and just say we're doing we are making
two half sour cherry pies half saris
aphids pies half sour cherry pies to
bring in our competition and we haven't
decided yet who's entering the cherry
and who's entering the pumpkin but
basically I think that two people should
enter two different pies to maximize our
chances of collectively winning anyway I
actually recently pitted and froze a
bunch of sweet and sour cherries from
the market which I just had left over
from a Project loon so brought those in
road is gonna supplement with a couple
extras and we're gonna make a cherry pie
so blind bake bottom crust cherry
filling goes in crumble topping she's
got a game plan I got a game plan just
follow my lead
clearly this you know we're it's all
about the pumpkin pie at the end of the
day you know for Thanksgiving you know
that's what we're doing we're not gonna
show up with a cherry party thanks
Chakradhar pecan pumpkin pie hybrid but
this is just you know if we're gonna go
out to this competition
ladies we're bringing little eggs what
did they say don't bring a knife to a
gunfight is that how it goes
you don't bring exactly saying yeah
we're on the same page okay but maybe if
there's something great like you know
pottery like ah what are you doing don't
worry about this was mine they have to
be identical oh they do easy fix
I thought it'd be cool might do like
weird things yeah you wanted to do weird
things I'm afraid it's gonna do weird
things well that's the difference
between you and I so many differences
thirty oh my god we're up we're behind
now here we go what are we gonna make
III just yeah Claire's got some I'm on
my own so uh rolling out and do it
circle
[Music]
okay let's just buy my name's a square
oh my god it's like a perfect square I
wasn't you know you just jumped in there
you got all mad you left me behind you
didn't say anything I wasn't looking
over at what you were doing okay into
the freezer so this is a ramekin of this
filling that we just made and we baked
it in a water bath so it didn't overcook
but we also then undercooked it that's
fine let's see from the side we're gonna
try it it might be a little loose I love
the flavor it has that like silky Sheen
that yeah I'm kind of why in it yeah I
think if this was cooked a little bit
more it would be perfect me too
we're gonna go with that filling no
changes we're gonna get the cherry pie
crust in the oven
good normally we'd go over to the board
and write all this out and documented
decisions but our flight is in five
hours and we haven't gone to pies in the
oven so we're skipping that step we got
to move let's get two more tea trays
ready to go with foil make sure that's
really in there I'm gonna go in that
oven you're gonna go on the wall oven
where am I going there wasn't business
in the wall on it cover all of it so in
the ovens we have four pie crusts
they're all the crust they're all the
crusts they're all blind baking two
plain crusts for the cherry to ride for
the pumpkin and now Wade said to wait we
could toss the pecans we can toast Oh
God let's do that let's do that so
everything you can okay
okay we're gonna do what's going on all
right running around like crazy people
faint a sense of urgency who though this
looks great I'm getting a nice little
browning around the edge I didn't get
any color I'm nice all right put yours
back in okay this is the Reich rust this
is looking real good though put it back
in the oven get it back in and get it
back in it'll die
high for a lot of damn work I don't know
what I hope you realize that Brenda take
a phone call so now I'm responsible full
for all four crusts which are all the
different stages have done this first
and then move down the line first I'm
going to take out his cherry pie crust
and remove the weights okay next I'm
going to egg wash the bottom of the RAI
I'm leaving in a few more minutes so I'm
gonna watch the bottom of my cherry for
us they're all important I love all my
pipes equally this is Brad's ride crust
still confused these are baking soda
come in and wash this guy
so the press started to puff up a little
bit I'm just pressing it down I got real
stressed out I just know I was managing
for crust so where we at catch me up to
speed
besides that the how dark the edges
they're looking really good that does
not look like the Rye crust right that's
not the right crust either maybe the
yeah look at the brand
let's see glad I'm relieved why is your
ass taking so long to color all right I
think this guy's done yep so this is for
cherry pie it's looking very nice there
what do they know this one oh yeah egg
wash yep he'll be ready soon yeah it was
good all right one coat now I'm just
looking to set that up yep that's it
all right good things are happening over
here and now we're going in with the
filling we're gonna pour it in alright
this looks so good nice volume nice
little swirl I mean it's cooking left
yeah I would I would i watch this egg
wash you're good
Boston rockin we're just raising time
now all right Brad I got a surprise for
you we're gonna put a layer of almond
paste underneath the cherry okay
also before I don't wanna get too
wrapped up with this I don't want to
burn mine see does it look as panic as
it feels yeah what do you think ready
facility yeah give you another minute
and then you're good at filling time
call me when I
god damn it to hell we don't have time
for this all right going in but this is
the RAI what do you say anything no I
don't even hear you no one will even
know yeah that's the right crust yeah
that's right okay so that one's cherry
it's hairy with Mike Radisson no one's
gonna know it it was my fault I was not
listening to you at all okay so we have
two that are correct
so everything's gonna be fine except
it's the wrong crust and it's really
true it's not for Thanksgiving it's it's
for charity
all right let's fill them with cherry
all right this is the sweet and sour
cherry pie filling what's the little
coating we got Claire sugar cornstarch
some warm spices almond extract vanilla
extract lemon zest salt I think that's
all it's all ready to go
because we have no time to spare and
then this is the crumble oh so I'm gonna
fill this we're gonna have some leftover
filling because this is not you know
this is a pretty small pie plate wait
that's a good amount right all right I'm
putting on the crumble topping
so there's oats flour we put some sliced
almonds with keeping with the almond
theme there you go big yeah I think
something kind of tall might be
impressive to the judges see I get a lot
I do well with old ladies we're gonna
like you know a good grandma let me talk
a little so I'm just gonna have to we're
gonna have to get in their head turn on
the charm
we'll do some I think it's ready and
let's look at it together
yeah overcook yeah let's check the rest
okay means that these are I know these
aren't done but let's show yours yeah oh
no you got we got forty times three hundred on this
yeah please don't rush me we have time
we can't afford a mistake so it's just
all bad I know it's true every mistake
happens when you're rushing oh is Claire
OSHA
[Music]
I kind of like this start also we don't
untie bread clear time moves with the
energy that you put out there
[Music]
I don't get it you think it looks
terrible no I like it I don't love the
amount of liquid the pecan should kind
of be like just even cold but those
opinions went right out the way all
right let's check the other one all
right so these look good the crumble is
drowning we might want to tent the top
of the crumble with foil at some point -
all right they're going oh good fun yeah
I feel like I've got paint taken
seriously so I feel pretty good about
the pumpkin pie here all right we're
gonna be here forever no he's gonna have
him clean so pretty right I think it's a
she this pie looks like a winner a real
beaut roll pop some of that no no that's
beautiful so this is the one with the
right crust so this is our double rye
pumpkin pie and this is gonna be the one
that's gonna be entered in the contest
but basically we need two pies to enter
one is gonna be judged and the other one
is gonna be auctioned off to benefit four-h
four-h club for the kids for their children
I don't feel confident at the pie with
respect to the competition because who
knows but aside from that feel proud of
this end result it's so pretty
no I love our pies this one and the
other pumpkin that we have forget the
competition I think this is a great
Thanksgiving party Hey
the fruit-ice take a little bit longer
so really we're just hanging out until
we to leave for the airport
yeah it's pumpkin pie bro have you ever
been to Thanksgiving well just pie
caught a little caught as they say oh
the English yeah I was gonna throw this
out there but yeah I know this wasn't
the original game plan and because your
beautiful crust kind of gets hidden yeah
I think we see a chance with the Reds
the Reds it breaks the like this yeah I
like yours better competition you yeah I
do it looks better
boom competition one who cares about
Denver so we're gonna submit this one to
the competition and that one okay yeah
who submits what I think because you
made this one and I made that one all
submit pumpkin you submit cherry no I'm
gonna donate it to the kids if I'm okay
just kind of fold it up okay okay
right uh-huh once we're sure they're
fully cool we should wrap it we should
wrap this in plastic seventy five dollars so these pies
are nice and cool we gotta leave here in
like twenty minutes hit you to get to the
airport so we can get to Denver let's
box these up and hit the road
[Music]
beautiful Colorado we're at the Adams
County Fair pies made the flight here we
are safe and sound just like the two of
us alright
beautiful day let's go meet up with
Gloria capper pies off officially
submitted this way following you Claire
[Music]
yeah we're under tonight hey there
Gloria are you Brad Brad nice to meet
you hi Claire this a new boy that's
pretty excited for the the old pie
competition we might have a couple
winners not sure I heard about the pies
that going across the airplane these are
going to be good pies right yeah I hope
so hope yeah how long you been a part of
this pie competition in the fair well
the pair has been in existence over one hundred
years
we've only had the pipe competition for
three years and I was the original
organizer and still doing it all right
hold it that the contest has doubled in
size we have a panel of judges three
judges per age group judges are
primarily mayors of different
municipalities in the area county
commissioners a district court judge and
some global judging the crust the
consistency of the filling flavor of the
crust the flavor of the filling and how
the two combine each judge has a score
sheet they'll judge each pie then the
three score sheets are put together to
code it's an exciting day over to them
the exhibit building follow me
should have brought a better hat my name
is Brad Leone le Ong anybody ever
dropped their pie walking down the line
here so that's winning right there
alright yours made it safe let's check
the fare out and kill a little time
before judging and we'll see you see it
far see if we're shot but I'll be really
um flip three egg rolls please sure
veggie might keep the change
stare pocket got change okay look at the
fudge you're stuffing with fudge little
fudge cone never a dull moment in coal
Cajun it's not hot pull on it going it's
good delish dad well thank you clean
house going one of the feed some of your
fine animals here
[Music]
[Music]
they're serious in their whole staff not
messing around we got a copy of the
score sheet that the judges fill out
very official glory was so nice she's
gonna let us create our robot okay
filling of the pleasant flavor a
pleasing flavor not flat too sweet or
too tart pleasant aftertaste nine crust
has a rich blended flavor of well baked
ingredients the right appropriate amount
of filling to crust I think like eight
right here's the last category for the
final fifty percent of the competition Pleasant
overall taste with crust and filling
complementing each other yeah nailed
that - yes ten fifteen twenty thirty I'm
gonna say twenty five I know it's not an option
okay
eighty one point five out of a hundred
better than I didn't school we have to
be - yeah we'll take it's an A in my
book well clear all right eighty one point five we make a
good team then do you think we're gonna
get a better score than what we gave
ourselves from the judges I hope so we
scored below eighty yeah no then I gotta get
my book deal back
[Laughter]
[Music]
we just were informed that our PI was
taken over to the judge's table and it's
about to be tasted and scored I have a
stomachache so nervous you can't don't
stare don't stare
I get really competitive and really
nervous this is why I should never
compete because I go psychotic when it
almost looks like a cool
he always here feels like water liquid
in it maybe it's like having three
custom Rosco states no no no that's
clean game clean game no bribing judges
of John we're gonna pick the winners
right maybe we'll be one of them
and there's a first second and third I
think is the is the bracket okay
and I think we did pretty good chance
there but you know what the judges they
know what they're doing let's um well
I'd feel great about our pies I mean we
did our best under the circumstances we
have appliances
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
we did not we did not we did not place
we didn't even get prettiest fine I'm
upset and happy at the same time I did
necessarily want to win I'm inside I'm
like our pine is really good I can't
leave third place mmm nothing but hey
you know what in the big picture yeah
I'm kind of glad cause like I'm gonna
feel like a jerk like if we go out if we
like one
we're interlopers it's kind of like a
double-edged sword because I after all
that like shit away I know I feel
worthless also I need a turkey leg feel
better you ate a turkey leg I need one
no we losers don't get turkey leg role I
can't believe how many pies I made in my
life
we didn't even place world-class pumpkin
pie was world-class Claire I've had a
lot of pumpkin pie and I love pumpkin
pie forget the cherry pie I didn't want
to do that this is about pumpkin pie all
right we came to a fruit competition
with a pumpkin pop okay oh we didn't win
really so let's let's just focus on what
we came here to do
quiet on set please we have the final
meal to prepare for Thanksgiving we're
gonna rally all the truth then Cape Cod
so I'm gonna head there
here you go to Cape Cod do you think
I'll meet up with the rest of the gang
and we'll we'll meet you up there no
rush we'll be there exactly when we said
we're gonna be there we're gonna be in a
hot kitchen cooking on a beautiful
summer day
oh we know it going sweet stuff I'm
actually really hungry
[Music]
[Music]

Title - Claire Makes Braided Pie Crust | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I make a lot of pies especially during
the holidays I'm always looking for a
way to dress it up a little bit and so a
braided pie crust is really beautiful
and it's perfect for a single crust pie
like pumpkin I have an already lined
nine-inch pie plate and an unrolled nine-inch
pie crust for too big a braid to fit
along this border about a quarter inches
how thick I want to cut the strips take
your time with this part it's important
that all of them are as equal as
possible I leave these ends loose
because I'm going to use those ends to
help connect with the braids at the edge
the dough is fragile so I'm not going to
be able to get a very tight braid but I
do want to sort of minimize any gaps
with the shortest piece I bring it to
the center I pinch it off can you use a
dab of egg wash which is basically glue
and I press with the new piece on top of
that I put the other strand you can't
even see where I connected it I had to
double check how to calculate the
circumference of a circle
it's two PI R three to bake for about a twenty eight
inch long snake so somewhere around like
twenty five inches is what I need to get all the
way around high goes in the center my
egg wash okay my glue and now the tricky
part is actually connecting the two ends
I'm just going to link the pieces where
they naturally join up this piece right
there
daba egg wash will help and now I have
this little piece
just want to press off give it a little
flower
I just want to press down to make sure
it's really on there I really love the
way this braided crust dresses up a
simple pumpkin pie it looks so pretty
so delicious thanks for watching I love
pumpkin pie why don't you only at
Thanksgiving

Title - Claire Makes Bruleed Pumpkin Pie | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I have to move this out of the way
because it's distracting me it's fun one
of the reasons I love and look forward
to Thanksgiving every year is because I
love pumpkin pie but I'm always looking
for a way to dress it up and make it
different from last year's so today I'll
show you a maple bourbon pumpkin pie
with a chocolate crust and I'll also
show you a bonus technique that you can
use to give it a beautiful brulee atop
this dough actually has been going
overnight but one hour is okay if you
are just making it straight through so
the first thing I want to do is just put
a little flour on my surface so if I
started rolling it out at this point it
one hundred percent crack also because it's a little
bit thick I want to roll it out to about
an eighth of an inch so I'm gonna start
by beating it with a rolling pin
rotating with my other hand and this
makes the butter pliable but keeps it
cold and once I'm down to about less
than a half an inch I can just start
rolling it's looking and feeling good so
for lining up high plate I like to roll
it onto the rolling pin and then unroll
it over the pie plate and now at this
point what I really want to do and
emphasize is pressing it very firmly
into the pie plate
I've left about a one inch overhang and I
want to just go in and if there's any
places where it's a little more than an
inch I'm just gonna trim off with my
scissors for crimping all I'm going to
do is fold that edge underneath kind of
fold it inside the lip of the plate all
the way around I'm a lefty so I tend to
go in I start on the left side push in
with my thumb and out with my two
fingers on the other hand I don't want
to press all the way through the dough
but I press firmly and it kind of
anchors it to the lip of the pie plate
so at this point the butter is a little
bit soft I want to get cold again so I
will pop it into the freezer for about
fifteen minutes
here we have our very cold chilled pie
crust it is ready to bake I have my oven
on three hundred fifty the crust has a tendency to puff
up
so during blind baking at least for the
first stage we have to weight it down
because we're in the bon appetit Test
Kitchen we have very fancy pie weights
in the form of these stainless steel
little ball bearings they work really
really well because they're so heavy for
their size these go into the pie so I'm
going to basically bake this until it
starts to look dry around the edge and
that'll take about fifteen to twenty minutes so
it's been about seventeen minutes so I'm ready
to take the pie weights out and put it
back in the oven the crust has gone from
looking a little bit greasy to being
pretty dry so the last thing is just to
put a thin layer of egg wash over the
bottom of the crust and then putting it
back in the oven just for a minute or
two until the egg sets
one thing that makes this recipe a
little different is that there's no
sugar in the filling all of the
sweetness comes from maple syrup it's
three quarters of a cup there's a lot of water in
maple syrup so I want to have a more
concentrated flavor I'll cook this on
the stove but first I'm gonna combine it
with the seeds from half of a vanilla
bean this will come to a boil very fast
because the sugar heats up quickly and I
really again just want to drive off some
of the water and concentrate it alright
this is coming up to a boil and I'll
turn it down and just keep it on medium
high so this only takes about three
minutes
it's definitely reduce some in volume
getting those big puffs of steam I have
one cup of heavy cream here I'm going to
add it to the maple mixture in three
additions now I have this very smooth
mixture which is warm but not hot and I
can bring it back over and put together
the rest of my filling so wouldn't be
Thanksgiving without Libby's canned
pumpkin
I've tried making pumpkin pies with my
own puree from roasting pumpkin or
squash and somehow it still doesn't turn
out as good as a pie made with Libby's
this recipe uses the whole can so it's
really easy then for a little bit of
Tang I have a quarter cup of sour cream
this is a maple bourbon pumpkin pie so I
have two tablespoons of bourbon now I
have all of my spices so I have one eigth of a
teaspoon of mace one eigth of a teaspoon of
allspice
this one's nothing I have quarter teaspoon
of nutmeg may all look the same since a
little confusing a quarter teaspoon of
ground ginger one teaspoon of ground
cinnamon last but not least half teaspoon
of salt so it's a custard pie which
means it has to have eggs in it three whole
eggs also room temperature which is
important now a whisk just to smooth it
all out so that's all smooth and now I
just whisk in my warm but not hot maple
cream mixture okay I'm ready to pour it
into my pie it's okay if it's a little
bit warm and in goes the filling
you can lightly tap it on the counter
this is a good trick to pop any air
bubbles and because this is a bruleed
crust I want a really nice beautiful
flat surface to brulee at the end so
this pie will go for the better part of
an hour I'll check it after about forty five
minutes and halfway through I'll rotate
it just to make sure there's even
heating all the way around but you do
want to let your custard pies cool down
very slowly and at a very gentle rate
this one had a full twenty four hours to cool
down and we're ready to brulee brulee is
just a word in French that means burned
it just means that you're taking sugar
and you're using a torch to melt and
caramelize the sugar I have just
granulated sugar right here I have my
torch I like this one because it has a
lot of power to it the idea here is just
to get a very thin even layer of sugar
all the way across if it's too thin
it'll burn quickly and you're at risk of
breaking the custard underneath and if
it's too thick you won't be able to melt
it so I'm actually pretty nervous
because I really don't want to screw it
up at this point you just don't want to
spend too much time in one spot with the
torch because you'll melt the custard
underneath and cause it to break so here
we go where that blue flame is that's
where I'm gonna concentrate on that's
the hottest part
so immediately I can start to see the
sugar crystals smelt keep the torch
moving so you don't spend too much time
in any one spot so here's another trick
I learned in culinary school is you can
actually do two layers of sugar and that
helps you get that really shattering
layer of caramel on top so I'm actually
going to add a little more this is not
in the recipe but this is just a little
pro tip and now go back in with the
torch
okay I don't want to do I don't want to
push it I feel like this is successful
and I don't want to intensely I don't
too intensely heat the top of the pie
too much so I'm gonna call it there the
good news is your crust is already dark
so if you get a little bit of like get a
little charred crust around the side no
one will know just tell them it's
well-done so I let the sugar cool and it
has hardened into a beautiful like
glassy surface so I'm very excited to
cut into it when slicing up high like
this it's best just to go for it
what did Julia Child say you have to
have the courage of your conviction that
was about like flipping a potato pancake
or something there you can see it's a
really nicely baked filling not too firm
but it's not loose it's fully set and
that beautiful bruleed top so there you
have it it's our bruleed maple bourbon
pumpkin pie with a chocolate crust
it's such a fun celebratory way to sort
of finish the traditional pumpkin pie
for Thanksgiving and it's a technique
you can use for any pumpkin pie recipe
that you and your family love

Title - Claire Tries To Make the Perfect Pizza Dough | Making Perfect Episode One | Bon Appetit
you're probably really good at this why
there do you make pizza a lot I never
make it at home
you guys pay in your lane I've been
tasked with the dough everything's
important but I feel like the dough is
especially important so yes you guys can
I started the base right the dough I
mean it's gonna have dough right yeah I
mean I want shoe you gotta have a little
chew a little glue structure and I like
this sort of pillowy like I want those
big blisters and bubbles a certain
softness to I like to have that little
bit of a lip the crust let raised edge
the raised edge good charring I want
charred on top and bottom but still but
not like you don't want it to be it's
like a cracker like you want softness
and chewiness still there so like a good
mix of color and char but like still
adorable the point where finds the point
but the whole thing is a soup sandwich
and if you pick it up by the curse you
shouldn't believe the Jesus no cheese
slippage I feel like with New York it's
like the foldability it's like the
Neapolitan has that sort of wetter
Center and it's smaller and with New
York so you get like the big triangles
and you can fold it and that the point
doesn't droop as much oh Claire you're
kind of the bread person here at ba so
you kind of fun to brown the dough
detail without the dough you got no
pizza so we'll see what we learned from
that first I mean what we already knew
but confirmed with that first like mine
milk of all the editors was that like
everything's important but I feel like
the dough is especially important and
really pizza dough it's not something
I've worked with a lot so I've done like
a lot of bread baking and sourdough but
pizza is kind of like this mysterious
other realm so I'm really looking
forward to consulting some experts and
learning a lot more about it before I
come back
like attempt you know our version I have
these notes from that sort of group
discussion so I'm gonna bring these over
to my right and this board is here to
help each of the editors thinking about
their component in a really glad to Cola
way
so here's Joe I'm gonna start kind of
organizing these post-its stretch not
rolled how the dough gets formed red
versus double zeros this is about flour
type sourdough that's about the type of
yeast
Chardin spots fresh milled flour and
another yeast question fresh versus
active dry what we've really been
dancing around as the team was this
question in between New York style or
Neapolitan so today we're gonna explore
what makes a real a classic New York
slice versus what's what's more of a
typical like official Neapolitan style
pizza and then comeback sorts of the
information maybe consult another expert
or two and then we can get started
[Music]
hey Skaar Thanks
hi how are you nice to meet you
so today you're gonna show me a little
bit about your dough yes we are let's go
downstairs hope everything's cleaning on
there let's go so do you want to walk us
through the process a little bit sure
how you mix it up we normally buy flour
from upstate New York it's a mix of high
protein and low protein flour and we
also mill oh and flour as well and so
that your milling from grains like this
varies your white wheat we try to
replicate New York style pizza without
using what ninety seven percent of New York sell pizzas
are like you know chemically lights
flowers and stuff we don't use any of
that and then what about yeast leavening
I use it keikis like a fresh cheese the
reason I use this fresh cheese's because
they didn't parts of the flavor of
breads and pizzas that I had grown up so
when I start doing here is I put in
water
I'm mixing the yeast I'll let that work
do its own little magic then I'll add
the flour as well and then I'll mix it
up a lot I wore white shoes we're both
wearing white shoes yeah that helps
alerts from experience yeah so you're
starting on low just to get everything
incorporated with you and you're just
trying to hydrate it right I'm trying to
form form it basically have everything
absorbed uh-huh
so I just let that work for a while
so this has come together really well
I'm gonna go to no water house it should
be writing this down then we would allow
it to sit uh-huh and so do you have an
ideal like fermentation temperature for
the dough fermentation to room time then
we add salt we get the olive oils seems
like it'd be like pretty fun go to work
with oh yeah never sticks super soft
hydrated yeah and is it just one ride
one no no there's a so you get one rise
when you're bowling you get a slower
slower rise when it's in the fridge when
it's refrigerated then you get the last
rise when you pull them up we pull them
out and we let allow to rise all that
the days of use basically they abuse the
oil more olive oil
yeah you actually use me all over the
table I don't people think I'm crazy but
a lot of places you see they use flour
but I like using oil cuz it had like a
snappiness to the dough form a ball turn
your skill on pinch it enough piece wait
put it down so it gets kind of like a
little bench rest that's part of the
fermented like allowing it to rest a
little more that might be too big good
too big
what is it again seven seven whatever
seven hundred seventy five okay yeah if you're you know
more or less you slamming down here
upside down okay
no you're good that's you turning it
like that yeah turn it cuz it's gonna
fall
exactly got it in and then turn ah it's
stretching that gluten correct and then
it's seeping up if you notice it's
making it smoother yeah and I close it
up cuz if you don't close it up what
happens is when it starts proofing in
there oh wow a gas bubble before I've
been there
oh so when you're opening it up you'll
get thin spot in a little I see it was
very important that makes sense yes
rightly this one
[Music]
yeah you gotta be quick so then how did
you did that part Pingo then you close
no it's not working out so well you go
like that
it seems that down nice cool so time to
head back upstairs and see the dough
that's ready to that finish product
let's go great what I do is give it a
little shake so it comes out drop it in
the flour take it out press down using
four fingers working with then I started
clicking it back and forth not gonna
flour off anyway and it's also opening
it that's really dramatically yeah it's
off to the races every mayor year-old
candidate has to do this and they always
do it wrong mm-hmm you put your finger
in the middle with the other fingers you
push off such good texture it really is
like it's kind of amazing how much
texture and how many different textures
you've got in the dough instead of thin
layer I love bread making but I really
have not that much experience with pizza
another thing to whatever you do for
bread though it doesn't apply for pizza
okay forget all my friend knowledge no
no it's good to have the bread knowing
you're like right so it's like different
you're not looking for the same things
in the dough that's actually a really
really good tip I think I'm gonna be
haunted by scars advice at the end which
is like don't treat pizza like it's
bread dough because that I have a lot of
experience with but overall like I sort
of understand his method with the yeast
and the flowers and the Otto leaves and
adding the little bit of oil in the end
that was interesting his crust it's so
sort of magical in the combination of of
light and chewy and also really crispy
on the bottom so that's it's really
something to aspire to so this was just
incredibly fascinating and interesting
Roberto yes hi I'm Claire nice to meet
you come here oh you know say thank you
I'm here to learn about dough pizza
dough yeah you're the place you're gonna
be the teacher
this one is yeah well we make the doll
these days inside is a cake ISA ISA put
the flour it's too bad you sure this is
a diamond our machine so this isn't more
than motion by hand this machine I see
so you're using a sea salt yes
wait so Roberto for this it's flour
water salt each that's it no no oil no
how do you know when this is done mixing
fifty minnows okay this dough was maker
eight hours ago I'm gonna make the balls
so this sits at this temperature for a
whole day yes so that's the bulk
fermentation that is a vocal imitation
is it is it expanding a lot of skating
yes nice one tomorrow morning we find
over here okay
and so a new portion it's for an
individual pizza for twelve inches we use
the two hundred seventy grams you can cut the dough and
weight basically the same way we make it
mozzarella
Wow Wow two hundred seventy you have to be confident
that you're gonna get it on that you
want to try my way
I don't lefty does that matter huh I use
my left hand does that matter no am I
doing this right
yes very good oh it's easy
yeah and how I can see you get away to
seventy six is that okay I love this method I'm
gonna use this now
now if you like it we can go upstairs
and make some pizza no oil and no in the
box okay we make a round very good so
you'll see you're created the cloths in
our the older hair and so when you're
doing that you're also stretching it a
little bit yes okay and now this one
it's right here we go this is ready to
go yes really okay and now we can do it
it's just stretching stretching it on
the peel okay oh wow
and now only going inside the oven Wow
oh so just look right in front you don't
have to push it all the way to the No so
you're rotating it to make sure it's
getting evenly cooked all the way around
you see the kosta mm-hmm it is full
right there yeah don't count no go down
should we try absolutely it's always I'm
gonna try some of the edge just the
crust mmm it's so soft
insert pillowy a little bit it's fifty five
hours to rise but only ninety seconds to
cook yeah so have these two similar but
also very dissimilar styles and now I
sort of have to head back to the Test
Kitchen and sort of basically synthesize
all that information and really decide
like what our approach is gonna be so we
saw scar which was doing sort of like a
Nouveau New York style and then Roberto
a kiss day was doing sort of a very
classical like Neapolitan so it's really
gonna be more I think for us of a hybrid
write that down we're gonna kind of do
this hybrid style but I still want it to
have that sort of slightly thicker
sturdier crust all the way through the
bottom I still have questions about
using more like a natural use of
something like a sourdough starter or
something and if that can add a lot of
flavor the other variable to think about
is temperature so scar was throwing his
dough in the walk-in so I was having
this long cold rise it is it a twenty four-hour
rise is it even a forty eight-hour rise or even
longer I'd love to talk to Anthony Falco
who is sort of like a pizza maker
extraordinaire and has developed all
different styles of pizza dough so let's
see if we can come in and talk
tomorrow to help us get started on
testing all of these different variables
[Music]
alright so we gave Anthony a call and he
was nice enough to come in today to
answer some of our questions so thank
you for being here all right yeah thanks
so yesterday just to catch you up in
this whole project we did some research
so we visited scars pizza and cast day
to kind of explore the qualities of like
a New York slice versus a Neapolitan so
both Roberto and Skaar use like fresh
bakers nice like they came used but I
have a lot of questions about sourdough
and likewise our dough is or isn't
appropriate for pizza dough
I mean Baker's Baker's used is I think
if you're gonna use commercial yeast
that's definitely the best choice I love
sourdough and I've pretty much switched
completely to all-natural e eleven for a lot
of my personal pizza making adventures
if you're worried about reliability or
gas production you can just add a little
commercial yeast to and you're gonna get
all of the benefits of the sourdough but
the reliability of the commercially so
hybrid is most of my clients pick hybrid
can you explain what a starter in it's
basically if you take flour and water
and you mix it together and you leave it
in a warm place it's gonna start
bubbling you know and over time and
those cultures will stabilize and what
it is is a dis stable colony of bacteria
in yeast so they work together to unlock
the nutrition unlock the starch chains
from what I understand of the science
which is like I'm not a scientist yeah
it's probably like ninety percent of the things I
say are kind of maybe a little bit my
taste good so it's okay when you're
using the starter if it floats that's
always a good sign do you add oil to
your dough do you add yeah you do yeah
why what's the explanation there it can
add certain levels help with Chris penis
we're doing two percent so it's not a lot but I
will go up to eight percent if I want a really
crispy pizza again America I think we
want crispy right yeah you definitely
want to use a good amount of white flour
because that
how you're gonna get extensibility and
you're gonna be able to stretch it out I
was a doe but I main is twenty percent freshly
milled the whole grain flour sixty percent the
organic high mountain and then twenty percent of
the guards are all-purpose okay three
percent thirty grams salt you need to
strike that balance between dough that's
strong and extensible and elastic but
also has great flavor yeah exactly are
you just trying to hydrate everything
yeah I'm trying to mix okay I'm
pretending my hand is like the dough
hook I'm just like moving it around on
low which is if I was using a mixer I
would use a dough hook on the lock I'm
looking to like let time and temperature
do most of the work without needing the
heck out of it so I'm gonna stop as soon
as it's dough it's no longer flour and
water it's all come together to create
do and it's just gonna sit in this bowl
for thirty minutes okay it's been thirty minutes
all right you take a look at the dough
see much less sticky now yeah although
as I learned yesterday the dough can
looks not sticky if someone's handling
it but that doesn't mean it's not sticky
it just means they're really good at
handling it yes
you try not to get too much of your
hands on there cuz your hands are hot
you know so you want to kind of use just
very light touches mm-hmm so I'm just
gonna do it until I get tired
how many minutes you think I've been
doing this probably fewer than you think
maybe yeah I don't know yeah you gonna
mix for sure it is this gonna produce
like big bubbles I don't want like huge
bubbles but hopefully we have some
spotting and with this oven we'd be able
to achieve some like leopardy like is
that a official pizza term yeah really
pretty well pretty yeah it's like these
micro bubbles that yeah outside walls of
burn uh-huh so you get like black spots
along the whole you know I'm starting to
feel like I'm getting I have the harder
assignment I don't really explain how
this works so each Test Kitchen editor
is um responsible for a different like
component of the pizza yeah we're just
talking Joe you think you got there I
mean that's the whole thing right like
everything else is just get good stuff
and put it on top
like dough really doing the work let me
have a clean bowl yes I got a bowl for
men yes and then we'll switch to the
dough that you brought and already mate
oh my god we're gonna make pizza yeah
see I made these yesterday things are
happening gravity is doing most work as
you can see it wants to be a pizza
the light is dusting of flour rub it
into the crevices so that we don't have
any sticking because that's the real
bummer we're gonna put it in the oven
okay this is the hard part go in and
then pull back and then shoot back again
okay okay yeah and then kind of drag it
back and then shoot quick oh yeah so
it's like back now you can kind of
reshape hang on the peel it's a ticking
time-bomb by the way by the once it has
sauce on it there's a thin pizza
should I go yes just throw it in there
yeah shimmy shimmy there you go yeah
there yeah that's the hardest part is
getting it in there I was just a little
too tenant it's calm to show it is you
go in with happens well same thing I say
about bread dough is like it can smell
fear
so like you have to be really confident
right your base level Pizza skills are
like above-average really an
intermediate-to-advanced really say yeah
thank you okay yeah that's you can pull
it out actually yeah it's done yeah I
mean that was look at your crust look at
this I mean you made this pizza with
your dough and your help at every step
of the way incidental thank you this a
bit this is like my first proper pizza
it's really fantastic
basically like flat bread yeah calling
pizza you know I mean I want to taste
this one yeah that's a good list cuz why
not
it's renewed my love affair with pizza
this pizza it's very delicious it's big
move on to all on my own
Thank You pseudo yes thank you today was
really helpful just to get that dough
like right in front of my face so I can
see it and touch it and feel it kind of
demystify the process a lot for me
submitted with kosher salt olive oil the
flour blends maybe we'll keep the same
and then doing one test with all starter
one tested a little bit of fresh yeast
doing a cold room temper is for the
sourdough rise in the fridge for fresh
yeast and then seeing sort of how long
those fermentation times take just have
like an out-of-body experience of myself
talking I so these words in a row okay
cool so we're back in the Test Kitchen
Anthony was here last week I just for my
own curiosity wanna try testing what do
you get with all starter and then what
do you get when you add a little bit of
fresh cheese so this is what it looks
like it comes in these big one pound
blocks so I think that's why it's called
cake ESA's because it's kind of
compressed into this block or cake we're
only doing a half percentage and this
will dissolve into the water when I say
part pour it in so with a thousand grams
flour total I have that King Arthur
all-purpose then we have that high
mountain flour and then the grain three
percent salt gonna mix this all together
we're gonna bump up the percentage of
olive oil a little bit pour all the wet
right in so the next step after I get
everything all incorporated
it's called Otto Lee's it's really just
mixing the water and flour together and
letting it sit and that develops the
gluten and so you're already kind of
starting off with more gluten
development before you mix it so this
dough is the dough with all starters so
I'm gonna do what Anthony did which is
basically just mix my hand inside the
bowl
I think I'm gonna throw it in a mixer
because it's the idea is that the motion
of our hand is making the dough hook I
sort of feel like might as well just use
a dough hook I think this is pretty much
there I'm gonna do the exact same thing
to the second version of dough with the
addition of Freddy's okay so now both
toes are on to the bulk ferment stage
all we have to do is wait and so we'll
check back in several hours and see how
they're progressing and then we will
move on to the shaping and proofing
stage both dough's rows for a couple
hours and now I'm going to form them I
should get about nine individual dough's
out of this mass so I hope I feel good
about the dough's like I they feel
there's something that feels right about
them what I'm anticipating feeling more
challenging is like shaping the pizza as
getting them off the peel that kind of
thing and I'm hoping that like my
inexperience with shaping and baking
isn't going to like skew the results
that we get so we can really like do a
true side-by-side comparison
so now we're ready to bake off a bunch
of different examples and compare
side-by-side so Brad you're gonna color
you're gonna help make the pizza yes
help me help you okay
okay so I'm gonna show you what I
learned about the right way to form the
dough yeah it's it's it's hard a minute
ladies they make it look so easy yeah we
have two different versions of door that
we're testing this is the one with all
starter sourdough it's made with starter
like sourdough but it's not sour we
didn't let it go that far it's I'm sorry
it's pretty fresh exactly same times
less thing with the added yeast I think
your volume yeah I got a little bit
bigger here you do the one with no yeast
and I'll do the one and then here's the
peel I don't know which one works better
whoa gotta move fast
yeah move fast this is something we
talked about with Anthony the dough
smells fear okay does it you can clay
yeah no that's good cuz you got that
Parris that's all oh that's that's the
only reason why so then you move on to
starting to stretch it and also at the
same time tapping off excess flour no
cuz the flour can burn and you're kind
of letting the weight of the dough
that's stretching it stretch itself yeah
like gravity got a great feel oh good
you're probably really good at this
why they're Italian do you make pizza a
lot I never make you fat home and you
know don't make it too perfect shouldn't
be a problem
yeah not really I don't know I'm not
even gonna put olive oil on it well I
think well we want we want something as
minimal as possible I think for this
okay so that these are preheated so grab
your peel this is the I'm warning you
this is the hardest part
yeah I bet you need to do this was very
difficult it really is I'm already
screwing it up wouldn't you if it had a
little flour on it it's a little but it
already has a little flour on it all
right
how'd it so then you want to cut a whole
tray of it was very good wait hold on
this is really not what do we do
you'd find you try candy you try it this
is really intrusive just go ahead that
was so good
we don't go from that in because I
already tried for that end I know hold
on hold on hold on ready now go it's
cool it's supposed to look like that I
think you're good don't be mean just so
you're gonna go sorry I feel bad that
was I mean yeah well I'm impressed but
also my feelings are a little hard okay
okay ready
so position it all the way back I'm
sticking what do I do
Rad's is perfect it's all wrong oh great
so you're looking for what do they call
it leopard leopard spotting look at see
what the box offers money
- so fat a little hot there no no no too
much flour that's burnt flour oh really
yeah so that's why you got to tap off
the flour nice air pocket this looks
good look at how you have this layer of
crisp at the bottom but then sort of a
crumb then - nice on the top there's a
little crispy shell on the outside but
tender and chewy on the inside but this
has a really nice pillowy consistency
yeah that is kind of nice know what
though it's under baked because it's
it's thick Jackie there's a little gummy
here's what I think we should do I think
we should each make a batch of the dough
with baker's yeast and each make our own
of the all starter so we have four
pizzas okay boss okay great
wait which one did you do I'm not afraid
started noticed yeah this is harder work
with isn't it
what is this this is the one with yeast
this is our don't work with what I'm
trying to say is that it wasn't my face
that I messed up I can't I'm like trying
to there we go okay yeah I'm trying to
teach you but then I'm never done this
yeah but no they look pretty like
similar see yours enrolled here's a
little fin in the center under in the
center it popped up a little mine's a
little thin in the center to it see the
light coming through yeah here we go
okay so let's move on and do the same
thing with the all starter version oh oh
we're bird yeah I think mine is done
alright how are you gonna be able to
tell the difference
nope okay now with yours so what my mine
this is the first ones these are the
most recent so wait which is the first
one you did this one this is the second
one I did this is the personal I think
that one's mine Oh see I got my nice
little
okay so let's move on that one's mine
and then that was I'm gonna talk about
this one's hot okay great sorry it's a
good texture yeah it does
would you just eat this crust it but
we're sitting on the table without any
sauce and cheese on it yeah I would I'm
happy with this all right let's try that
what version that's all starter yes I do
think this is more flavor in the crust
than that it does have a little bit more
character hmm there's a little bit of
Tang like it's a little sour come on in
roto yeah maybe that one's tenure
starter
yeah me too a deep star oh yeah me too I
just don't want it I just am worried
that tomorrow it turned like turns into
sour dough try it yeah I think we just
have to basically come back tomorrow
that's it thing again any pizza this is
like day five of shooting you're gonna
make sauce it's gonna take you one hour
no that's nonsense we got to go find the
ingredients sourced ingredients in there
you're gonna do it in that's true okay
so I think the test today went really
well both versions tasted really great
so it might for us just be more a
question of like how long do we let it
go and which version gives us more
control over the final result so we'll
come back tomorrow and it'll be it'll be
a lot simpler I think it's great to get
that practice for the shaping and baking
and we'll just do the exact same test
again and see if we notice any
differences
we're back it's well I don't know what
day it is what day is Wednesday
yeah but what day is it endo it's been
many days today we're gonna test that
dough with the two day yeah well what
are we expecting that the longer what
should what should we be expecting that
the longer twenty four hours cold fermentation
yeah what is that gonna do
hypothetically I think it should just
taste better well I have more of that
kind of tangy probably not sour just
more pronounced flavor more develop
flavor and I'm hoping that it Browns
better Wow like enzymes and sugars and I
don't know I don't you sciency I don't
know cool no don't be you know just walk
over that I want to add here another
thing that I want to talk about thinking
about I was thinking about the pizza
that we tried it's cars I wasn't there I
know have you ever had it though
actually I have it oh it's very good
well so one of the things he does is
because it's his more New York style
it's baked at a lower temperature for
longer so I want to try that better like
that yeah I want to try it yesterday
wasn't undercooked but it was a little
moist than the inside okay so I thought
that's a skosh lower put it a little bit
lower so let's try those Wow you're
going for that huh I saw it on Instagram
last night I don't think it's oh I mean
your world thing I'm not gonna get off
the peel cuz its oh maybe yours is a
calzone I don't they I'm gonna get mine
off the peel got it I think you gotta
top it before you put it on the peel
what's the difference well cuz now I
think it's gonna stick to the peel
listen how does that make sense because
you're adding moisture and like weight
to it I think we're gonna be all right
you know I'm gonna stop look I'm moving
he's gonna move quicker so you don't
burn it in there is it yeah oh yeah I am
put that up to the side for the record
it came off perfectly fine when I saw
stit honestly
all right Oh Brad I got it
a little bit bigger nice cross stitch
hop I will taste mine first cuz it's not
as hot it does have more flavor right
yeah I sort of agree Eddie you want a
snack Buxar know why but there's a
slight bitterness to this but not like
anything good
what is it burned me with a little chart
maybe going a little bit of a burn all
right try this one I get the ten more for
this
I know it's hanging so like oh this
one's too much but I like I know it is
that's not how I feel there's more Tang
in this than there was yesterday right
yeah you think so whereas this tastes
pretty neutral I kinda like this one
better the one with the yeast I'm kind
of leaning toward this for the just for
pizza I'm kinda leaning toward this
version yeah let's do the same thing
though with the same each of us do the
same dough but bake it let's make it
lower and longer so turn your oven down
I have a question do you think if
there's too much whole wheat in it can I
see the bottom that bottom looks like
the best one yet so even and nice golden
right yep keep talking this one feels
slightly thinner all the way across the
bottom uh-huh overall this felt like it
had a little bit more crackly nest to it
do you notice the big flavor difference
Howard me definitely you're a good Chris
Chris with the palette like I love sour
dome but it's like shouldn't it be more
like this I mean the crust is really
driving the boat yeah you really have to
bring a lot of a certain other flavors
on that pizza to get it to balance out
feel like with every test like I'm kind
of leaning this way do we want to try
baking one totally plain yo topping and
just see sure how we feel it's so easy
now without having to top it all right
so it's been three minutes Oh My look at
burn right through yeah oh yeah fire you
can literally see the gluten stretching
on yours nice little elastic you kind of
gluten pole I like how this dough has
that I just tasted this on its own I
really do think it's too tangy try it
try it just a plain pizza it's too sour
yeah I agree definitely shut it down get
it off the board so let's do a side by
side of the version with yeast cuz I
think we're like what I started what
we're calling it a twenty four and forty eight see if we
see a big difference is that Alright but
I'm using the dough we mix yesterday so
it's been a twenty four hour rise and Brad is
using the older dough so a forty eight hour rice
no all right mine's done looks great
appearances I like that dry not yeah got
that voluminous bubbliness and country
indicates to me like oh that's a time
for yeah hold on I mean if you didn't
have to rise for forty eight hours I think I'm
thinking like why I like I'm yeah from a
make abilities damn acquaintance but
then on the other hand if you were to go
forty eight hours could you if you wanted yeah
you know what I mean yeah I was like I'm
the options there you don't have to
write if you need the flexibility for
your pizza making or whatever you can
they get it is one yet you think so I
mean it was so hard because we're trying
to do all these side-by-side tests of
like one variable of time but the truth
is like in some ways the biggest
variable has been in the proofing like I
think this is just a matter of like you
can't really test the difference in
flavor because the proofing and this is
also different yeah I love the
proportion of like country exterior to
like super soft pillowy interior it's
good it's really good no very good fun
all right so you're dismissed
thank you very much you want take some
pizza with you no all right
okay so I think the consensus overall
and my personal feeling was that the
addition of the fresh yeast with the
starter bled to a really good result so
for us the answer I think as it stands
now is actually both I love the balance
that that dough had between like texture
and flavor overall we're definitely
keeping in that combination of flour I
think the salt level is good I don't
really want to push the oil much more I
definitely went with a cold rise because
of the fresh sheets that we're adding it
seems like what we're leaning toward as
a group is the minimum twenty four hours so I
think that that you know that's crucial
and I think right now we're in a good
place and it's more important to
actually control those other factors
like time and temperature and baking
stay tuned
I'm actually pretty relieved to like be
bowing out of this one for the time
being it's been kind of a like long
intense process
[Laughter]
there we go but I'll see you back for
the combination of everyone's like
individual component so thanks for
sticking with us thus far at least so
alright fun these guys now yeah who are
Brad tends to talk really loud when I
try to talk to the camera so the big
debate right now is if we're gonna use
fresh tomatoes or canned tomatoes so
like this are dabbling around yeah let's
figure it out is it fresh or can can you
tell me that yes why do you want to be a
resin oh it's so not right
alright let's focus on the sauce we've
horsing around
[Music]
you
[Music]

Title - Claire and Christina Try to Make the Perfect Thanksgiving Sides | Making Perfect Thanksgiving Ep Four
testing out the different methods that
the squash was like probably the most
challenging thing Christina never say
that
don't ever say anything along the lines
of like things are gonna work out from
here on out I mean it's true it's like
how far you don't be extra I just did
what I told you not to do how hard could
it be like it okay we don't have time to
screw around
we're sizzling over here that's one yeah
for sure well yeah look at the elbow I
really is it a walking fine
[Music]
this feels like a place where you can
actually exercise some creative license
right in a way that will not make people
like freak out right but I think that
also puts a lot of pressure on sides
because it's like okay all these other
things are locked in and I want to get
like not only my creativity and the
other flavors that I want but also like
all the balance in the meal has to come
from the side do I feel like one of them
should be a cooked side and one should
be I would really like to see us two
potato will you stipulate to something
in a squash family I'm okay with squash
I'm okay with its like sweet potato
stuffing and our potato invention it's
just what about brussel sprouts which
are also in season also Brussels have
the advantage of like being wrong you
can eat them raw celebrating yeah in the
cabbage family like Brussels or you know
little tiny cabbage juice so I like the
idea of Brussels sprouts is like a solid
green veg that I had a moment five to ten
years ago and now people like really
like them and they're accepted they're
easy to find we're telling a salad is a
side I don't need lettuce at
Thanksgiving
[Music]
lettuce what about some roasted but
room-temperature of squash in a leafy
green salad oh I love the idea of a
salad with like a roasty superdude ahead
and then we get yeah I love it if your
salad this is your raw moment and it
might have squash yes does that mean
that Brussels or the other one yes
boiled I feel like that's a perfect yes
yes I do too it was weird how quickly we
all call us around that idea I feel like
you have a passion and you have a
passion I think two passions should come
together and make a it would be my
pleasure to work with Christina yeah
passion of Claire my first thought is
that I feel like we actually of all the
categories have like the toughest tasks
I think we're more narrowing down to do
than most feeling great well Brussels
sprouts and feeling it's all about a
squash I think those are important and I
do really take home the point about
incorporating something raw because it
like it's the only chance we have in any
of those yeah like very strongly some
some kind of raw salad a crunchy
vegetable thing because it's one of the
only opportunities to bring texture into
the meal so here's the notes from the
roundtable so sweet potatoes Honey Nut I
feel like those are touching on the same
kind of direction
this says aged Gouda which I'm
definitely in favor of aged Gouda I
think that would go in sort of the
mortality thing so this says this is my
head or any salad with roasted squash
another Honey Nut my favorite of all the
squashes it looks like a mini butternut
those way tastier and so cute I mean I
think star was squash and then just kind
of by process of elimination that I'll
give us some good direction for for
brussel sprouts so I think we should
start with a salad first first step is
pick the squash and then pick the
cooking method for that squash once
know that all the other components of
that salad will sort of like come and
start to come to focus right but if this
if the squash is the star feel like it's
gonna be the kind of sound I want to eat
which is like there's a lot of textures
and flavors going on which I'm excited
about I'm sure will be a surprise to no
one that I have strong opinions about
squash and I guess we should start by
saying that it's ninety five degrees outside
middle of July ninety percent humidity not really
prime squash season we don't have a lot
to work with so we have some examples
here it just feels like there are so
many post-its that's a honey nut but it
feels like like we have to get that
sorry are you familiar with row seven
deceive company and they develop like
all sorts of cool new like vegetable
varieties Michael is actually coming in
with not just Honey Nut but some new
squash okay so when's this happening
like right now right now okay well hi
Michael thank you so much for coming in
what do you do at row seven row seven it's a
company founded by myself chef Dan
barber Matthew Goldfarb the three of us
together we were working on squash and
other vegetables and questions about
what could they be how could we make
them better first met with a challenge
of how to make butternut squash like
this more flavorful and so I understand
that you have some honey nuts for us to
play around with but also maybe some
other cool varieties honey at two you
know okay okay all these vegetables are
continually adapting evolving and we're
making them better all the time
Honey Nut was like that first release
and then moving along now eight nine eight is next
my name is the godfather part two so how
do you go from butternut Honey Nut we do
a cross-pollination and then generation
after generation you see all different
attributes the characteristics of the
plants and we can decide which ones we
want to keep save the seed from those so
it's very much kind of a season taste
sort of approach to plant breeding when
you take a look at eight nine eight
so it's even more concentrated than the
Honey Nut it's sweeter it's more
nutritious it's everything is just
concentrated in its doors
sounds like the optimal cooking method
for the honey not given those
characteristics is really like roasting
or putting color on it in some way it
like a dry heat and that's how I tend to
work with most of my squash but there's
a lot of techniques you can apply and
you don't know until you try it
eight nine eight and all the other row
seven crops are there seed pack is that
you can grow in your garden and they're
all through the markets feel really good
about that I feel I'm just so excited to
cook these and now we have a better
sense of what direction to go in for
cooking so this actually helps our
process a lot and narrows it down I
think we know what we're doing yeah we
don't know anything else about any of
the dishes really speed we've got this
thanks for the special squash if you
like step one is just a roast a couple
of the eight nine eights make sure they
act and taste and look the way we want
them to we can really try to make a
salad about the squash and add these
other elements that are gonna like
compliment it really well you I'm gonna
guess want a pan roast and wait for it
the first roasting method we're trying
is more of a straight roast where it's
going into the oven just on a
room-temperature sheet tray with a
little oil the second method is kind of
a combo where we preheat the sheet first
in a really hot oven put the oiled
seasoned squash cut side down on the
preheated sheet tray and into the oven
so it's still happening the whole way in
the oven but that hot sheet tray should
give us a head start on building color
and then the third method is pan
roasting and that's where I start them
in a field on the stove to basically
sear them and build all the color then
turn them over transfer them to like a
medium oven until they roast through
what we're looking for out of all these
methods it's like good color good taste
good texture right maybe they'll all
turn out exactly the same we don't know
yet okay so these are the three there's
something really like very rich about
them I really wanted to say like
buttered popcorn I think there's my
french fries it's almost like a Japanese
sweet potato yeah is just gonna say it's
kind of sweet potato like good truth be
told
that could have cooked longer mm-hm I
think it also will be very delicious
room-temperature like it doesn't have to
be hot agreed
I think sides are really important to
keep those things broum tenth okay
should we try the next one
yeah hmm I actually would say this one
is tastier
maybe both probably could be cooked a
little bit longer bled a little bit more
of the color develop that's not like
it's not like undercooked or I'll dente
at all it was a little one of these yeah
the fact that the skins don't get direct
contact just on those I think it's a
fuss because it's kind of it's like a
little over anyone I don't lose skin
yeah no it's like chewing on a paper bag
I was worth a shot
glad we did it yeah I think we go toss
in a bowl with a lot of oil and a salt
pepper onto one large preheated sheet
and then roasted all the way through
lovey comments think we are the eight
and I need to squash we want and feel
this quest for us it's helping squash
for us
look there's us we have to now figure
out what we're gonna like what are all
the other style components let's start
with lettuce I think we have to decide
like what's the leafy component I want
something really punchy to go with the
squash and I think it needs a bitter
lettuce that's Hardy to also stand up to
that yeah you want something like with
character and that's not going to be
lame so I'm writing down chicory I wrote
down radicchio and I'm gonna write down
Treviso which is very similar
probably endive what about wild card
frizzy frizzy I think we can kind of
start there and test a bunch of the
different like leaf options I kind of
see which combinations we like this
[Music]
and then there was lettuce I have to
confess something I think I really
wanted to be radicchio yeah I think
everything we have in front of us right
now is stuff that you can get either
year-round or like in the fall well the
only way to test these is to keep all
this handy and then we can just
basically put together a couple of like
vinaigrette options and then you know
take taste with all of the the led those
leafy things that we're thinking about
you know and maybe we'll grab a couple
of other like sweetening things like
some honey a little bit of white sugar
or that kind of thing maple people would
be good okay here's the plan I think the
most consequential aspect of the
vinaigrette is at least to start is the
acid so we have all of our asset options
sherry vinegar citrus and a couple of
like very fancy like agrodolce vinegars
a good place to start would be to just
do really simple proportions maybe like
one two three acid to oil so we start
with something really plain and simple
and then we do some taste test with the
different leaves and the squash and
decide what flavor combinations we like
best and then we kind of pick a lane as
in pick an acid and then we kind of work
in the other vinaigrette components I'm
gonna start by juicing some of the
citrus I'm gonna do half orange half
lime let's do a teaspoon of vinegar and
a tablespoon oil okay so I'm testing a
little piece of radicchio a little piece
of squash and giving a little dip in the
sherry vinegar option so this one is the
mixed citrus here that one's really good
but balanced
mmm of all of them wishing this can be
achievable
what this one does by using the much
more easier to find and reliable sherry
vinegar without having to call for
something this is just such a specialty
item I would feel a little bit guilty
calling for late harvest Sauvignon Blanc
agrodolce vinegar so this is the apple
cider vinegar this is really good this
is really delicious I want this one
really yeah it tastes like an orchard
this is probably going to be like a lot
more work for the average home cook
right it's like you don't want to be
like the only way you can make this
salad is with this one in particular
yeah
thing yeah that being said I would be
perfectly happy to pursue the orange and
wine fruit yeah I kind of like that one
better anyway let's sample with the
other lettuce options just with the
citrus mixture
this is Belgian endive this is your like
blue cheese dressing lettuce cup and
I've add orange is a great combo I
really like it it wasn't doing a whole
lot for me
GBH all right just why Christina but why
pretend I don't want anything per se
this looks I don't either Claire but you
know what okay and then if we don't want
to eat neither with one eaten during the
testing phase I think we can just well
unlike you I am liquid so why will we do
well it's very strange the frisee is
like hairy maybe it's just like not
poking you that's not cute I dunno why I
wanted to be radicchio not only because
I like the taste there's something about
the idea of like the shape of the
radicchio leaf being the right size to
fit one half of the honey nice roasted
yeah they have similar sort of geometric
yeah yeah like they're on the same scale
yeah I decided no I am excited I'm
excited that it's something that feels
like very accessible to most anyone who
would want to be a something like this
like all across the board I don't feel
like a jerk telling someone you'd go to
the farmers market to buy your squash
but you can get everything else like a
regular grocery store right you know
wait did you say do you feel like a jerk
I don't feel like a jerk I don't okay
right the game plan is get all of our
the toppings that we're considering in
like out and ready to go and then we're
going to basically put together like the
full serving size of the lettuce the
sort of leafy thing and the squash which
are going to do a test where we roasted
the way that you know we're kind of
decided and then we're gonna basically
do all these different combinations and
permutations with all the toppings and
the two dressing options one is lemon
one is lime I feel like I kind of
rambled about it but whatever good color
on the top as well good see about color
nice color these look great these are
done yeah they do look great
greenhouses to do that so your cutting
board yeah whatever in case so I'm gonna
do lemon and your way to do lime right
correct so these are the two dressings
we did yesterday they're the same except
for my version has lemon juice her
version has lime juice and don't have
orange the only thing we're looking for
is the difference in the difference
Labor's right and yours is slightly more
acidic I mean it's an extremely autumnal
color scheme so so freakin awesome and I
like kind of tucking them in oh my god
I'm talking mine in Oh like hear me out
what if we did was to say like rows of
cheese this way rows of nuts this way
and then Rosa fruit that way and then
it's like they're just made by okay fine
girls mm-hmm I love these delicious the
drive for options we have dried currants
and dried cherries so we have two
different kinds of apples ones just like
a regular Granny Smith and then this one
is pink lady yeah here are our two nuts
and our one seed these were like the
three that we honed in on hazelnuts
pecans
and pumpkin seeds they fell he does they
felt very like Thanksgiving appropriate
sharp white cheddar this is obviously a
blue harm siave this is an aged Gouda
yeah tell me the color and then like a
soft goat cheese I think I'm gonna try
what I think like foremost in my mind
gonna work so that you Piave pepitas and
pomegranates okay
I actually don't think this is gonna
work but I did Palmer in it Gouda and
hazelnuts and then I'm gonna put a
little extra on top this was bad it's
bad this one is delicious
I will do Apple Paquita and that one was
also very good mine was good what if
there's a salad bar at Thanksgiving and
it's okay so I'm doing Gouda what do you
call those things pecans and Apple
that's all good they've all been good
yeah we're not really getting anywhere
okay I'm getting rid of Gouda cuz we
think it's too strong and then I'm
getting rid of the the currants nobody
cares about nobody cares about I do mind
them shoving that one forward and so we
have eliminated one from each category
hey Andy do you want to try this
delicious bite I made for you wash
pomegranate come on Oh a corn maze that
no honey not she made me a bite we be
doing bike we haven't said much progress
we haven't said what we've been doing
this whole time much as we made ham
salad it's very good very delicious the
leads are slightly different dressings
where the vinaigrette you acid is half
orange juice half lime and half orange
juice half lemon in that version you have
lemon I feel like I want that I
completely disagree I think you get
enough crunch because it from the
radicchio and I think throwing a sliced
Apple it's gonna discolor right away and
you're gonna have a brown color Apple
tell em Andy enough Brown are going on
here I think it's gonna be totally fine
I think you need like a cool crunchy
thing as opposed to like a bit early
crunchy thing I also feel for what it's
worth
pomegranate is totally played out as a
topping like a special now this kind of
thing I don't think I'm not here for it
thank you you've understood very well I
just know you're gonna take something so
controversial about it's almost like
what what jicama wishes it yeah it's
like good come on you just call and say
you care so good
occasionally I like everything that's
happened I think we should make a final
platter
and we're gonna go with Piave and pecans
and we're gonna like basically redo the
process with a couple tweaks
what's our vinaigrette of choice
wouldn't you like the lemon I like the
lemon now that you go either way and I
don't think you'd be wrong okay
Christian you want to do lemon in that
case just so cuz it's a little more
assertive which i think is welcome are
you talking about how like we want it to
be acidic so I think we should make a
final version with the dressing that we
really want the nut and the cheese and
we'll make our final decision
[Music]
that's nice
it really does very fall I think I'm the
final one maybe I just want people to be
able to see the shapes of the squash but
I think that comes through this is by
far the best version of me I agree the
final bit of lemon and oil mm-hmm I
think was everything yeah I think it's
the right amount of sweetness the cheese
it's a good but think about if you were
at a Thanksgiving dinner and someone put
the salad down you'd be pretty amazed I
think I think so
it is very well considered obviously it
took us to net my day and a half but you
know what it took us that long to
consider what would be not only most
impressive mm-hmm and most delicious but
also most practical we didn't go through
all those considerations and all those
stages in the process I would not have
ended up on this out and I think it's
better than the one I would have made
that was longer than I ever want to
think about making salad again my entire
life okay so we need to talk about the
preferred cooking method for Brussels
sprouts pan roasted or oven roasted
right cuz I've done both ways you have
to look at the Brussels sprouts that we
have and decide if we want to cut them
in half trim off any leaves how we want
to prep them right and then we'll talk
about cooking method that's great
I'm feeling like we're being extra
dramatic and like perhaps that's not the
greatest I mean we're acting like
cooking Brussels sprouts is like making
a Snickers which it's not okay so here
we go pan number one is whole oven
roasted small guys pasta with oil salt
and pepper
left whole pan too same method but just
pull large Brussels sprouts okay pan
number three the only difference is that
you cut the large breasts part of the
house
[Music]
oh don't be burned no they look good
though delicious these almost actually
looked deep-fried which is yeah I really
know right I know like okay so the
leaves like that did not work but later
I would say one man's burned Brussels is
another man's perfectly caramelized
crispy Brussels sprout I think we need
to acknowledge that some of the things
in front of us are burned ya know like
we're not in this when Psychopaths this
is nice this is not yet blackened those
are really good yeah we're gonna go with
the smaller Brussels sprouts whole oven
roasted at a high temp is good that the
method we truly like the best is like
the easiest yes we're gonna say yeah
really I think that they're so caramel
intensely flavored that it's like these
are the meat like I don't want to put
meat on this I'm so glad you said that
Claire because I feel the exact same way
we kind of like nailed the cook so much
to the point yeah this is like the main
flavor right we want to highlight we
want to try two options a dry rub thing
with like some kind of sprinkle and a
wet treatment that might be something in
like a glaze category I don't know yet
what makes sense for the dry ok stuff so
I suggest we go to the spy stuff yes
[Music]
what about Korean call them right now
[Music]
I'll rub some ginger we're going to do
two different tests of what we're
calling the wet and it's basically
caramelized honey deglaze with like a
chili vinegar and we're gonna just test
two separate vinegars one is cherry one
is apple cider vinegar okay olive oil
brussel sprouts
sherry vinegar honey chilli prime
ingredients trying to tone that I don't
really care about any of these dry
ingredients and I don't know that they
make sense together
let's try at least one just sumac toss
with some Brussels sprouts and that
frankly is not bad at all if it's
nothing good it's kind of a bummer that
there isn't something like saucy to go
along with it so let's get some
Hellmann's let's put some rice vinegar
in it and some lime zest and some chili
flake over top and try it and you're
envisioning this as like a bottom of the
spread on the bottom of the plate and
then go on top yeah
[Music]
my vision slightly spicy yeah
this heat I like him more than I thought
I would yeah but I just covered it up
that brussel sprout they're not playing
together yeah this is not the right
direction Christina when it's my heart's
desire to get rid of all this stuff I
know you bring back the one real
Brussels sprout which is the glazed
chili honey glazed Brussels sprout I
could not agree more and I feel like we
could really brag to the other groups of
like our dish is so good at last five
ingredients I bet you everyone will eat
every last one we want you to try the
final Brussels sprout is it gonna be
it's gonna be your Brussels sprouts what
was the glaze for your Brussels
[Laughter]
okay great Brussels sprout recipe a are
you talking about honey glaze and
Russell's like spicy this has been
really fun you guys I think your energy
is great and good luck I mean it's five forty
on day two and we're so yeah sure will
nervous because it suits another models
it is Molly's it's Molly's okay so today
was traumatic therefore we are going to
take a few days away from this we are
going to think on it cleanse our palates
and come back to it with fresh minds
yeah and nail it well we're back we have
to sing another stab at it but I did go
home and reflecting on it think that
maybe we hadn't fully considered the
full spectrum of like sweet sour kind of
ingredients you know there are lots of
other ways to achieve what this yeah
perfecto right it's like something sweet
something acidic a source of heat and
then you cook it all together and it
gets thick and sticky and lazy
okay so let's discuss because I see
something on this train that's very
exciting
yeah this ingredient which is a lot of
fun to work with which is pomegranate
molasses and that's basically
pomegranate juice is cooked down and
like the sugars concentrate and it
thickens and you get this it's called
molasses because it has kind of the
texture of molasses you can see it
inside the container somehow we got
through most of Thanksgiving development
and no one has used brown butter which
to me is like a staple technique or
ingredient of Thanksgiving so I thought
maybe kind of lean into the richness of
it and like do a little brown butter
glaze with pomegranate molasses and
maybe like a little brown sugar just for
Bala
maybe we cook the glaze in a skillet and
just toss the Brussels sprouts through
in the skillet that's useful for
Thanksgiving I think because you can
leave everything in the skillet and just
reheat quickly before you sit down
pistachios which we could even like cook
in the brown butter some black sesame
just if we wanted a sprinkle on top so
maybe we add a chili flake component
this is another ingredient which is date
molasses
it's one hundred percent dates it's very very delicious
so maybe we do two versions of the glaze
while these roasts and just see what we
like better so we're gonna cook the
ashes in the butter as it Browns a big
bigger bowl twist them whole and chop
them later not expecting that so
Christina each have our own sprinkle the
main difference is Christina's has lime
zest which might is not and mine has
black sesame which Kristina's mad so
we're going to pull the Brussels sprouts
toss them in the glaze test out the
sprinkles and taste if they look
beautiful isn't a ton of glaze it's just
pooling yeah it's not soppy their coat
well coated but not swimming it's just
the same pomegranate molasses version
but now I'll talk with that black sesame
pistachio mix
that's good super tasty but I'm curious
to see how it compares to that one more
finishing off the day brussel sprouts
with squeeze a lime juice and also the
hops brown butter pistachios that also
have a little bit of lime zest
hmm the only thing that I think is
missing is a tiny bit more chili flake I
think a little heat it's really gonna
liven it up Kristina alleges that she
didn't shop it I would be so psyched if
these were on to Thanksgiving table yes
I think people rarely think this much
about sides you know it's just like Oh a
roasted whatever hmm nailed it
these are so good one if you don't like
these it'll be edited out really nice
the lime and the like the chili flake
comes through I wish it was just like a
tiny bit more like sweet and salt like
in sprout you know it's only yeah and
I'm just a fool you know we have yeah
you don't like leave anything
yeah like this is like this we want that
flavor town all right so we don't change
anything maybe we just add that in but
we stayed true to exactly what we set
out to do which was a simply prepared
delicious no fuss side
I like how the salad felt not I want to
traditional but there was something
traditional about it like the
vinaigrette and that sort of combination
of ingredients and flavors and then this
feels like a little bit more of a
departure from what you typically see
and I think both will be really good
compliments on the Thanksgiving table
and and do the work that they're
supposed to do on Thanksgiving to me
this whole thing is felt a bit like how
I would do this at home payments you
know yeah we've talked about this before
like we're both huge proponents of the
salad and the side vegetable right and
what I also like about this is it feels
like there's been a transformation it's
like it's not that many ingredients it
doesn't take that long it's not terribly
complicated but there is like the end
result is something I think really kind
of special it'll make a good team yeah
also like we operate with our emotional
support notion I don't want to murder
you at the end which is that's saying a
lot I think we should try to high-five
again this is a really far away okay
ready the best time I've ever done it
anyway we got here at eight thirty in the
morning it's now ten fifty six and I'm about
to to sit here while Brad you leave I'm
gonna go back to your normal job by the
way
oh there's Brad Brad comes in and we
make pie although I honestly think after
this pie is gonna be like don't say it
that's it
[Laughter]
juda from Colorado we're at the Adams
County Fair oh my god oh you can't vote
stare don't stare they get really
competitive and really nervous this is
why I should never compete because I go
psychotic we're under the knife this
time
[Music]
[Music]

Title - Claire Makes Cast-Iron Skillet Pizza | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
it really provides like wonderful heat
retention and heat distribution when
you're trying to get something crisp I
feel like I just black out what I say
about that right and I'd like to talk a
lot about like what are you having for
dinner tonight or what do you make for
dinner last night try to keep it fresh
get some inspiration and Brad famously
makes a wonderful cast-iron pizza so I'm
going to show you this recipe inspired
by the great pizzas that Brad makes at
home
one thing I like mother's recipe is it
really allows you to achieve a wonderful
like crisp crust on the bottom without
needing a pizza stone or like an oven
that goes up to like six hundred degrees what I
like about it is it uses a lot of
ingredients that are kind of like ready
to go and that you can buy at this store
so one of those is pizza dough so this
is twelve ounces which is the right amount
of dough for a large cast-iron skillet
the first thing I'm gonna do is start to
stretch this it's when it's room
temperature it's much easier to stretch
so if you're trying to stretch it and
it's bringing back just let it sit on
your counter a little bit longer and
I'll dit because I don't want to add
flour it's gonna go into an already
oiled skillet so I'm stretching this to
like a ten-inch round it could be a
little bit bigger than ten inches because
it will start to shrink back a bit and
I'm leaving this ring around the outside
where it's a little bit thicker so
that's gonna be that edge of crust all
right so this is going to be a fennel
topped pizza so I have Italian sausage
which is seasoned with fennel seeds and
then some fresh fennel so right here
it's Finley sliced this was done on a
mandolin you can just go in with a knife
so with toppings that are raw like the
fennel thinly sliced is really ideal
because you want it to be able to cook
in the oven in a pretty brief period of
time another important thing to mention
I have my oven on four hundred seventy five with a rack on the
very very top so we're gonna cook this
on the top rack and take advantage of
the way that the heat circulates in the
oven so the heat is gonna be radiating
down from the from the top of the oven
directly onto the pizza so we're gonna
be cooking it from underneath in the
cast-iron and from the top at the same
time and that's gonna kind of mimic the
way like an actual pizza oven works that
looks good so I left myself a little bit
of
wiggle room in case the press wants to
shrink back so just a bit us and try out
I'm going to cover it with some plastic
while I start to build my toppings on
the stove okay
just lightly covered now here my
toppings I have my fresh fennel some low
moisture mozzarella just from the store
that was grated on the large holes of a
box grater jarred marinara just a good
quality marinara sauce this is Rao's
brand which I really like kosher salt a
little extra olive oil and some garlic
so the main chopping though is Italian
sausage it's a half a pound which is
about two links and I'm gonna get this
going in the same cast-iron skillet that
we're going to use for the pizza with a
raw topping like sausage we want to cook
at first because I want to make sure
it's fully cooked before it goes into
the oven
just in case it doesn't cook through all
the way and also I wanted to release the
moisture now rather than on top of the
pizza which might make it soggy
this is sweet Italian sausage that was
removed from the casings you could you
spicy Italian or any other kind of like
raw pork sausage even Merguez something
like that I develop this recipe so these
are the companies that I like but if you
have like tried-and-true pizza toppings
that you love just use those at home
pepperoni is great I don't know what are
what do people put on heat so Chris what
do people put on pizza at home pepperoni
I got that one we got cheese Brad
probably puts green bell pepper Brad you
know what Brad loves to do Brad loves to
put a drizzle of honey at the end yeah
that hot honey you have a nice idea I
mean obviously like sausage is awesome
yeah this one is sausage and fennel what
else is like truly transcendent though
I'm not above a Hawaiian pie oh I'm
sorry I can't I really not sorry I
really don't I'm in the like don't you
like other people beyond this category
but I just can't do it I can't do that
Hawaii what it's like pineapple good how
many good
where's the problem all right teach his
own I hear ya okay so pan is preheated I
can feel it's pretty hot
you just have a tablespoon oil like
there's a decent amount of fat in this
recipe we're gonna add oil to the top
before and after baking this oil is
really just to get the sausage going oil
facilitates heat transfer one of the
keys here too is that we're not going to
define the skillet after we take out the
sausage because it's gonna this is the
fat that's in the bottom of the pan that
is going to help crisp and almost like
fry the bottom of the crust as it cooks
trying to break it up into smaller
pieces okay so I want to take the
sausage out of the pan and leave the fat
behind so using a slotted spoon and the
idea is that the heat and the pan is
gonna start to cook the bottom of the
crust you know you kinda have to lay
down in one shot it's a little tricky
there's a slight fizzle if you don't if
you can hear that get my mic down there
first I'm gonna do is just season the
whole surface of the dough lightly just
kosher salt now going with my marinara
this is a liquidy ingredient so you
don't want to add too much I kind of
like when the sauce goes right up to the
edge now the low moisture mozzarella
again like a nice even coating and
here's one thing I like to do maybe yeah
maybe a little bit of cheese falls along
the outside of the crust where the
cheese hits the pan it kind of does that
like crispy crunchy like caramelized
golden brown cheese thing which is
really really nice I can hear it
sizzling so not a ton of cheese again I
don't want a water log the dough now
fennel so one reason why I'm gonna
drizzle olive oil over this before I
bake it is because I want that fennel to
get a little bit of oil on it so that it
doesn't just dry out as it roasts it
kind of cooks
the fennel shrinks a lot in the oven so
even though it looks like a lot and you
pull it out it'll have you know much
less coverage same thing with the garlic
I want to make sure that it gets a
sprinkling of oil so this is very very
thinly sliced garlic it's three cloves
I'm a garlic lover so and I like that
kind of almost like half cooked garlic
flavor like there's still a little bit
of the raw bite on the pizza at the end
but if you don't like a storm of garlic
flavor or you just don't like our look
at all you can leave it off and now the
sausage so there's any large pieces I'm
just gonna crumble them a little bit
smaller and now two tablespoons of olive
oil really even drizzle all the way
around and get the top of the crust that
ring around the outside so I want to pre
crisp the bottom of the crust before I
put it in the oven the crust went in to
a hot pan so it started to cook and I
want to just take a look at if there's
any color on the bottom it's taken on
just the lightest golden color I want to
put it back on the heat to get even more
browning before I put it in the oven so
I'm gonna bring it back over to the
stove so I'm putting it on medium
medium-low so what's happening here is
really the cast iron is acting like a
pizza stone wood or a baking steel this
is why cooking cast iron is so great
because it really provides like
wonderful heat retention and heat
distribution when you're trying to get
something crisp all right I'm looking
golden brown on the bottom so it's gonna
go in until the top has nice browning
you'll see like great bubbling around
the crust the topics are cooked so it
should be like in the range of ten to fourteen
minutes again depending on how hot your
oven is this is really heavy somebody
whose two hands
alright ok I just checked on the pizza
it's been in there about eleven minutes it's
looking done so I'm gonna pull it out of
the oven
carefully this is hot
so it's looking great
really nice browning all around the edge
hear me try to like lift the edge nice
and crispy bottom looks beautiful so I'm
gonna bring it over here it has to cool
it's burning hot right now
so I'm just loosening it from the bottom
hopefully your cast iron has a nice
layer of seasoning so that it's nothing
sticks but you know the the crust is
well browned so that also means that
will release from the bottom what I'm
really loosening is the bits of baked on
cheese I'm gonna transfer it to my
cutting board to rest for a bit and then
I'm gonna finish it you can see how
crisp it is I can lift the whole thing
out that's the beauty of cast iron so
I'm gonna finish it with some red pepper
flakes we use sweet Italian sausage so
there's not those no heat here so I like
some red pepper flakes and I don't want
to these are the topping so I don't want
to bake I don't want to burn the red
pepper flakes have some fresh basil here
I like that fresh flavor then just an
extra very light sprinkling of salt and
fresh olive oil because I like the kind
of bright acidity that that adds but
just a little bit it's for you know a
fair amount of fat on here you can see
how much the fennel really shrunk as it
cooked so I think there's really nice
proportions of toppings on here still
still with a nice crisp crust on the
bottom so I'm gonna cut it this is a
great dinner for four people I think
while it's baking you know you have
about ten or fifteen minutes you can mix up
just a salad which is all you really
need
the crust is fully baked through so has
a nice sort of fluffy texture on top of
that crisp layer on the bottom but I do
want to point out here on the side this
nice little area where the cheese crispy
and brown already try it yeah
hmm
really good for amount of salt you know
you have that nice richness from like
olive oil and cheese but it's not soggy
really good balance the pieces of
sausage got nice and crispy in the oven
mmm I love the flavor of the fennel seed
plus the fresh fennel you can get
everything at the store
on your way home preheat the oven
everything is prepped in the amount of
time it takes for the oven to heat up
and in
you know half an hour forty five minutes you
have everything done quick salad just
give it a mix while the pizzas in the
oven and great weeknight dinner so
thanks to Brad for wonderful inspiration
definitely worth it to invest in a
cast-iron skillet they're not they're
not expensive so versatile hope you
enjoyed this Brad was here to try those
yeah Brad's and son rides in Park City Utah

Title - Claire Bakes Birthday Cake | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
would you like about cake everything
cake is my favorite food should I have a
lot of things that are my favourite food
but cake is really out there okay I love
this recipe for easy sheet cake it's a
really straightforward yellow cake with
a very streamlined method and then a
really wonderful chocolate cream cheese
frosting I think it might become like
the only she kick you ever want to make
so simple and the result is extremely
light tender we're gonna make it in a
stand mixer and it's a method called
reverse creaming so it doesn't start
with that normal step where you take the
butter and sugar and beat it until it's
light so we really kind of eliminate a
lot of steps okay so here I have a nine by
thirteen pan this is a metal pan if you're
baking in glass you want to just drop
the oven temperature twenty five degrees because
you'll get a little bit more browning
around the edges and glass just take you
know maybe like a half tablespoon or so
it's room temperature and just use my
fingers to smear it all around the
bottom and sides and then I'm going to
flour it so in this recipe we ice it
directly in the pan and that's really
convenient because if you're taking it
to a party or you're just you know you
need to transport it you can just take
it right in the pan in which it's baked
so and we flour it too because the flour
helps the cake to release so you can
unmold it more easily so this recipe
uses all-purpose flour so I'm going to
use just a little extra here on the side
to dust the inside of the pan so I'm
just tapping around the flour to coat
all right so everything's well coated
I'm just tap out the excess I always
start with repairing my pan because I've
definitely had that happen where I get
to mixed up a recipe and I'm ready to
bake it and then I have to like take a
pause and do the pan because I forgot
all right so I'm using a stand mixer for
this recipe you could do this at home
with a hand mixer you'll just have to
basically take a little bit longer for
you just after beach that end point so
it has the paddle attachment on it and
the first thing I want to do is mix up
all of my dry ingredients plus mesh
sugar so again this method is referred
to as reverse cremate so we're not
starting with the butter and sugar first
we're actually gonna start with all the
dry ingredients so we have here
all-purpose flour
okay so kosher salt baking soda baking
powder I found that the combination of
powder and soda is really important when
you have certain acidic ingredients and
it's must be used as buttermilk
so buttermilk is a great tenderizer I
think it really contributes to a really
beautiful texture so that's our
leavening okay so now goes into the bowl
of the mixer plus two cups just playing
granulated sugar I'm gonna turn this on
very low just to mix all these
ingredients
make sure those are all well blended so
now I'm gonna mix my wet ingredients all
together
so technically sugar and baking is a wet
ingredient but I added that here first
mostly just to get it all distributed so
now I have my buttermilk five yolks I
can see yellow cake so there's a higher
proportion of yolks giving it that sort
of nice bright color then two whole eggs
okay now I'm adding oil just vegetable
oil or any other neutral oil and even
though it's a butter based cake I always
add a couple tablespoons of oil to every
cake recipe because it really keeps the
cake extremely moist and pliable
sometimes butter cakes have a tendency
to dry out especially if they've been
sitting on the counter for a couple days
and then I have a tablespoon of vanilla
extract it'll all get mixed again in the
stand mixer as well with this reverse
creaming method the first thing we want
to do is work the butter into the flour
mixture this butter is room temperature
now the idea here is that we're trying
to coat the flour or most of the flour
in fat so that is gonna prevent gluten
formation this is another reason why we
don't have to use cake flour in this
recipe so gluten is like what makes
bread chewy
it adds can add sort of a tough texture
to cake if you work the flour too much
within the presence of liquid so the
first thing we're doing is adding fat to
kind of like coat the flour so that when
I do start adding the liquid there's
less gluten formation it's important the
butters room temperature otherwise it
won't work very easily into the flour
but you can just add it all at once and
just hopefully prevent too much flour
from spilling on your mixer
because flutter is almost entirely fat
there's not I'm not really at risk of
overworking it there is no moisture in
here or water that's going to like sort
of activate the gluten and I want to go
until the butter is worked into the
mixture and the mixture kind of looks
like coarse meal
it'll kind of take on like a little bit
of a yellow to you as well it's funny
how we use coarse meal as an indicator
it's like what is that like what is
again if you're using a hand mixer for
this step we'll just take a little bit
longer and see what it looks like right
there so we need some gluten formation
you don't want zero gluten formation
otherwise they'll be no structure to the
cake so I'm gonna add my liquid now
about half of it so at this stage I'm
just gonna mix on low and try to hydrate
all the flour and then I can add the
rest so this reverse creamy method is
particularly useful for layer cake
making because it is known to produce a
very flat top like it prevents sort of
that doming so when you're stacking
layers it's really useful and in a sheet
cake you get or like a very beautiful
flat surface for icing and now I can add
the rest of the liquid so this is a
great method because you can measure
everything directly into the mixer
besides your liquid ingredients it
really is sort of a quicker method of
mixing up a batter and to me the result
is just as good if not better than you
the traditional method now I said
everything to smooth out and also I'm at
this point I want to work some air into
it so I'm going to turn up the speed a
bit so you can see that the batter
that's already in that in maybe fifteen
seconds light and quite a bit this much
area and it's a couple shades too
this is this working air into it and
also I have to let it heat for up to two
minutes because now I need to develop
twenties so that the cake has some
structure so this is looking great you
can see how sort of smooth and silky it
looks better really does gain so much
volume with this method at the end so it
really it sort of was surprising to me
the first time I tried this method how
fluffy and light the cake is so I'm just
folding it a couple times with the
spatula before I put it in our prepared
pan because there still may be some
areas that haven't quite mixed in all
right now into our sheet pan and now I
love to use just a little offset to
smooth the batter out and work it into
the corners trying to get one fairly
even layer
so for often for case you'll find that
the direction say preheat oven to three hundred fifty
this one is baked at three hundred twenty five which helps to
just again make a very even flat surface
so it's another good trick if you're
doing layers and round pans drop the
temperature twenty five degrees if you're trying
to get something that's AG less domed
this will go for the better part of an
hour
okay so this baked for about fifty five minutes
you can see has a beautiful even
golden-brown color when I took it out I
tested it by just sort of tapping on the
surface it should feel firm to the touch
and spring back and you can also do a
cake tester
right in the center so you'll notice as
the cake is baking it'll start to look
sort of matte around the edges and then
if the center is still shiny and jiggly
you have to let it go longer so wait for
that even golden brown color you could
do the sort of a touch test and this
cake is completely cooled so there's no
heat on the bottom at all because if the
cake is even a little bit warm it will
melt the icing so try to be patient when
it comes to letting it cool and now I'm
gonna mix up the frosting I don't love
American buttercream which is sort of
just a fancy way of saying like a icing
made from just butter and powdered sugar
Kamiya tends to be kind of overly sweet
but it is the advantage of an American
buttercream is it's so easy to make you
really just makes the ingredients
together so I wanted to have something
with the same ease but with maybe a
little better balance so I'm adding
cream cheese I have six ounces here and
a stick and a half of butter the cream
cheese adds a little bit of Tang what
you think balances everything out nicely
so the important thing here is that the
cream cheese is very room temperature
and the butter is very room temperature
because if either one of them is colder
or if their different temperatures they
won't mix together very easily so you'll
find sometimes there's like little bits
of white in the butter and that's cream
cheese was still cold so these go into
the stand mixer and I have the paddle
still
so because those were very room
temperature they blended together very
easily
I just scrape down the sides of the bowl
and then increase the speed a little bit
to get some air into the mixture start
to whip it a little bit okay it is
possible to over beat this so I'm
stopping after a couple minutes the
mixture is light and fluffy now I have a
couple of cups of confectioner's sugar
and powdered sugar and I'm adding all of
this at once if I added it with the
mixer going it would turn into like a
big dust cloud and then my cocoa powder
so this is a chocolate frosting I'm
adding cocoa powder rather than like
melted chocolate for a couple reasons so
there's no added sugar or fat in here
there's plenty of sugar and fat that I'm
adding and I need that sugar and fat in
the bowl for texture so I don't really
want to add additional sugar in the form
of chocolate this is just plain cocoa
powder and you can use like a raw cocoa
powder or a dutch process just in a
while you prefer something good-quality
and kosher salt kosher salt is really
important in buttercream because it
really helps balance out the intense
sweetness and buttery flavor and I'm
gonna start on very low so that I don't
like create a big cloud burst of cocoa
and powdered sugar you can kind of pulse
this just to incorporate okay so now
everything is incorporated I'm going to
turn on the mix a little bit higher
[Music]
and this one I'm gonna whip it
everything's will mix now there's no
more like dry spots but I want to just
scrape down the sides to make sure
everything is evenly incorporated and
then I'm going to whip it a little bit
more you'll notice that the color will
really change once we get some air into
it and I'm gonna add my vanilla I've
reserved this what is all the dry
ingredients into work in first
so you can see this is already lightened
in texture and color quite a bit and I
want to just keep going until it has
like a nice fluffy frosting consistency
and then not any further because it is
possible to over whip it so I'm just
putting the frosting directly on the
surface of the cake okay so now time to
ice again the cake is completely cooled
if it were even a little bit warm it
would start to melt that butter and the
frosting will kind of start to slide
around so I'm using just a small offset
spatula you could use the back of a
spoon or even a butter knife and I'd say
this makes a pretty generous layer of
frosting but the cake itself is a couple
inches tall so I think it's actually a
nice proportion of cake to frosting and
I'm just working it kind of first into
the corners
once it's all once I have full coverage
and makes some nice like little swooshes
and swirls I like when you see the
texture of icing I don't want like a
totally smooth surface you know but not
like I want to like a wedding cake so I
like you have this fluffy frosting and I
like that you can see what the texture
is this is a great celebration cake
because it feeds a lot of people and you
don't have to deal with kind of like the
stacking and filling of the layers and
then the crumb coating and everything
it's really just sort of two simple
operations mixing the cake and then the
icing some sprinkles here for decorating
and now I can kind of go in with my
little spatula and make some nice
texture in the icing
and now here's any sprinkles that you
want or no sprinkles the more you want
them to spread out the higher up you can
kind of sprinkle them if you want them
to be a little more concentrated an area
just hold your hand a little closer to
the cake so that's it I really think
it's the easiest possible sheet cake
with frosting that you can make without
it coming from a box and you know it
tastes like it's way more effort than it
really is so perfect celebration cake
great for like kids birthday parties
adults birthday parties or just because
they feel like baking so you normally
need a reason the first piece is always
a little hard to get out so to make it
easier and that's also what you flower
at the bottom to make it easier you can
cut two slices actually I'll make it a
little easier to lift out the first so
I'm gonna taste it
it's really nice to have a chocolate
frosting that's not overly sweet good
balance
not that you know that those cream
cheese in there but it is just sort of a
little bit better balance than like your
classic chocolate American buttercream
and the cake is really wonderful
beautiful light texture nice crumb as
they say in the cake world well the time
I made my nephew a birthday cake he
hated it Chris first birthday it was
like more for me

Title - Claire Makes Swirled Sesame Cake | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
um please start over from the beginning
you said you didn't want to say voice
yeah and then I said yeah what else do
you say yeah you're like what how do you
think what is it in a word it's not a
damp K it's wet damn Chris what what are
you gorgeous beautiful cake that's moist
but if you know what I'm not psychic
[Music]
this is one of my favorite recipes that
I've done in the last couple years and
is a beautiful tahini quick bread so
it's oil-based it's relatively easy to
mix and put together and it stays really
moist on the counter for like many many
days just a really fun recipe it has a
beautiful swirl that we make with some
ground black sesame so I'm gonna show
you how to do it the first thing I want
to do is prepare my loaf pan so it's a
quick bread its oil rather than butter
so what I like about that is you don't
have to have all room-temperature
ingredients this recipe I'm making the
mixer because we actually end up beating
the eggs and the sugar first to give the
cake extra lift I have a standard sized
loaf pan and that measures eight and a
half by four and a half usually you
measure from the bottom I'm gonna spray
it with some just nonstick cooking spray
it's how we're using butter in the
recipe I would just grease the pan with
butter I already have it out but we're
using oil and I'm gonna line it with
parchment so I tend to do this kind of
over the trashcan at the sink so you
don't
missed everything with oil I just do a
real quick coating tilting the pan to
get on on all four sides and I have a
piece of parchment paper and this has
been trimmed to be the exact length of
the pan and then I lay just one sheet of
parchment in so that it's covering the
longer sides with this overlap I'm sorry
overhang so this is lining just the
longer sides in the bottom and it has to
overhang and this is what I'm gonna use
to lift it out of the pan after its
baked and then okay so what I really
want to do is eliminate any air pockets
smooth with the parchment onto every
surface
you know I basically use parchment a
lion like every baking vessel and it's
just a good insurance policy against
sticking and then just a quick spray on
the parchment that's ready to go
actually this is the thing I like to do
it for quick bread especially with
desserts that are a little less sweet I
just the sides and bottom with sugar it
adds such a nice like satisfying crunchy
texture to the outside so I'm gonna go
in first with the sesame seeds and it
sticks to the oil all right
slippery six to the oiled surface I'm
just got a light dusting of seeds of
both colors and so these you know I pour
the batter in the seeds adhere to the
batter and it makes a very cool effect
on the outside so I'm just tilting the
pan and kind of dusting on top of each
surface rather than kind of like
throwing the seeds around that just make
sure it helps to insure that it's really
gonna stick okay so you can see it a
nice fairly even coating all the way
around and now on top of that I'm gonna
go in with just my granulated sugar
and same thing I'm angling the pan and
sprinkling downward onto each surface
not a lot maybe you know it's probably
not more than a tablespoon or two total
so it's adding as much texture as it is
sweetness okay that's it for the pan I
have a spice grinder here spice grinder
slash coffee grinder two tablespoons
black sesame and I'm gonna grind this up
and I'm gonna use this mixture to tint
some of my batter and it kind of turns
like a cool like charcoal gray and
that's how I'm gonna create that swirl
effect this is a fun recipe that kind of
skirts the edge of sweet and savory
which is why I like that little coating
of sugar on the outside it just kind of
takes it a little bit further into the
sweet category okay so I'm basically
just milling these seeds into a fine
powder that looks like ground poppy
seeds it's not super super dark so I'm
gonna transfer this to a bowl and in
that same bowl I'll mix part of the
batter and keep this off to the side for
now okay so now I'm gonna mix my dry
ingredients I have all-purpose flour the
leavener is a mix of baking powder and
soda so those go in kosher salt and
cardamom which is the spice that I love
to use in baking it's sort of in the
warm spice category and it pairs really
well with tahini so not you know it can
be actually a very overpowering flavor
but use it pretty
pretty it's weird I'm looking for you or
do you think it's very clean that's the
crossword I was like we're using it
liberally but I mean the opposite of
that dry ingredients just whisking to
combine and now my wet ingredients which
is a half a cup of tahini and you can
use any brand of tahini that you like
freshness is important it can kind of
spoil it's good to keep it in the
refrigerator some brands contend to be
really bitter but this is three hundred sixty five brand okay
so I'm mixing it with yogurt it's not
Greek yogurt it's just a full fat plain
yogurt Penta Heaney has a tendency to
seize when it's mixed with another
liquid so if your mixture like kind of
thickens in a weird way that's normal
just proceed it's not a big deal no the
some quick breads you mix your dry your
wet and you just mix them together with
this recipe in order to create a sort of
lighter texture I'm going to beat the
eggs and sugar first an eggs and sugar
can kind of like whip into a very frothy
ribbony mixture and that's what we're
looking for that's working air into it
and that air is helping in addition to
the baking powder and soda to like rise
the bread and give it kind of a fluffy
texture so two whole eggs into the mixer
I'm gonna get these
going break them up a little bit and I'm
gonna add my sugar
and Elektra
I'm waiting for two
and kale and also simple and volume a
little bit in the meantime I have a
neutral oil like vegetable or grapeseed
and I'm adding to that one and a half
teaspoons of toasted sesame oil this
step is very pungent it has an intense
roasted sesame flavor and this is a cool
addition because it's giving it like a
really
strong undertow Stephanie that I think
could be overpowering bellini thing a
teaspoon and a half so I'm gonna add
that to my vegetable oil this egg and
sugar mixture it's almost white it's
gone very very pale and tell me if you
can see what that ribbon looks like as
it falls into the bowl okay so my eggs
are at ribbon I'm going to slowly stream
in the oil to emulsify it into the eggs
it's kind of like making like a sweet
mayonnaise because I'm multiplying the
eggs and oil together there sugar in
there which is picking even more if ice
cream in the oil and I know what adds
for in olive oil at once hip elebrate
pm open slowly
and then trainable boys hitting the
paddle so they just rip the oil around
the side
really do poor you down the side of the
bowl
all right so that looks great it's still
nice and thick and light and now I'm
going to add my dry ingredients I
mention heaney mixture alternating
starting and ending with dry so three
additions of flour only then he turns
slow I don't want to over mix it and I
also don't want to you know create a big
cloud of flour so eyeballing two thirds
letting that incorporate and then half
of my yogurt and honey mixture
yogurt is great in quick breads because
it has like the acidity in it as
tenderness I like sort of a Tang that it
adds it makes for sort of a softer more
moist bread I should say okay west of
the flour mixture goes in I'm gonna stop
the mixer before I see the last of the
flour disappear and then finish mixing
by hand so it's a little bit under mixed
at this point because I'm gonna finish
it by hand so I'm just folding this to
combine also scraping up anything around
the sides and the bottom that haven't
been incorporated and now I want to
transfer an eyeball it don't have to be
exact
about half of the batter into the bowl
with a black sesame and I'm gonna fold
that in until it's well mixed okay so
now is where I'm gonna create the swirl
in the pan so this will be the bugs
world yes this mixture is going to
create the contrasting color for our
swirl I'm just gonna alternate big
dollops of batter in here I don't have
to be precise in any way I don't have to
I'm not trying to like make a certain
pattern I'm just gonna let the dollops
gonna fall where they may
you don't want to put half the batter in
I'm gonna put all of one color in and
then the other color on top because then
you then you know they need to swirl
so anywhere where I see the paler batter
I'm gonna add a little bit of the black
sesame and vice versa okay so now all of
the batter has been kind of haphazardly
added and like an alternating pattern
now I'm gonna let it settle into an even
layer and now I have a skewer you could
use a toothpick a metal skewer anything
like hey Chester would work although you
want something with a little bit of a
little width and I'm just gonna make
some kind of wide figure eights all
across the cake pressing the skewer all
the way down so I want to hit the bottom
I don't want to drag across the bottom
so I don't want to serve the sesame
seeds but really making sure that the
skewer is going all the way through the
batter and I think I did probably around
four figure eights to make a big swirl I
don't want to go beyond that because I
don't want to start to then blend the
two colors but that's really it and now
this gets a little bit more sugar and
some sesame seeds on top just to mirror
the size at bottom I'm adding more of
the white and black sesame and a
sprinkling of sugar this is going to go
into the center of a three hundred fifty oven so it'll
bake about an hour between fifty five and sixty five
minutes and I'll test it was sorting to
look done it'll dome and then crack down
the middle and I want a cake tester and
sort it into the center to come out
clean
so here's the cake it's really beautiful
II don't you can see there's some of the
the black sesame area of hoping through
so you already kind of get a hint so
it's a marble going on it's gonna use
the parchment to lift the cake out and
this is totally cool to know no more fat
all anywhere and now what I really want
to do is cut into it so you can see what
the swirl looks like the interior so I'm
gonna cut it in half beautiful so you
can see not a dramatic difference in
color but certainly very distinctive
swirl so it looks really nice it's fun
to sort of see what the interior looks
like they did several times and each one
is a little bit different depending on
how you know how your dollops kind of
fall so one thing is it's very well
baked like there's nice browning all the
way around but the inside is still soft
and moist and so fragrant - I love you
get like the real smell of sesame in
there just taste it go at the top I love
the crackly sugar
let's quit crunch delicious one day I
love about quick breads anything it's
oil-based it's no longer it sits the
better it gets so if you were having
company over you can make the whole loaf
like one even two days ahead just let it
cool completely wrap it at room
temperature let it sit and by the time
you serve it it won't really like
develop to even better texture and
flavor so really good with a cup of tea
this is such a fun recipe something you
can kind of just keep around eat a slice
after dinner or when friends come over
it's really versatile because it's not
too sweet and has such wonderful like
roundest s new flavor so yeah I try it
out I hope you like it and thanks for
watching
coffee came to me is there a very
specific thing that's like streusel
topping hey hey coffee coffee cakes this
is something I don't know for quick
price it's like in for me it's always
oil-based and one of those things that
you can keep on your counter for you
know the better part of a week even an
entire week

Title - Claire Makes Pasta Salad with Romesco | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
actions that are good I know the actions
using director thing to say oh I'm
pretty self-direction
[Music]
it's peak tomato season right now so I'm
going to show you a recipe for romesco
pasta salad that uses some great farmers
market tomatoes it has a really tangy
dressing some basil some parm and it's a
really wonderful make-ahead dish for all
of your summer potlucks and picnics this
recipe has a couple of different
components that all come together at the
end and it's really about sort of a
textural contrast with the pasta and
this tangy kind of romesco inspired
dressing which is made from roasted red
peppers garlic and usually almonds I'm
gonna use the walnuts instead so the
first thing I want to do is prep my
ingredients for my dressing and also
toast a cup of walnuts so the walnuts
are gonna be used in the kind of romesco
dressing and also I'm gonna save some
and chop them to fold it at the end so I
have a cup here these will go into a three hundred fifty
oven to toast and they'll take about ten
to twelve minutes
I'm just looking for them to be a little
bit darken in color and very kind of
fragrant and toasty smelling here I also
have my big pot of boiling water for the
pasta and I'm just gonna season it this
is kosher salt we always use kosher salt
for pasta and I like to put in several
tablespoons so I just kind of eyeball it
I'll use the food processor in this
recipe a couple different times the
first thing I'm gonna use it for is to
make sort of my fresh breadcrumbs I have
a loaf of country bread here and I only
need about three ounces of bread but
with the crusts removed so I'll start by
just using my bread knife to remove the
outer crust I think I'll need about a
quarter of the loaf any kind of like
white sourdough Pullman would work you
could use a whole grain bread but I like
sort of the density just a country loaf
so I'm going to use the food processor
to break this up into fresh bread crumbs
but before that I just want to cut it
into one-inch pieces to give the food
processor a little head start
so I'm gonna measure this out and weigh
it if you don't have a scale at home and
you don't have any way of sort of
knowing what the weight of bread is
that's fine you're just ultimately
trying to get to a cup of fresh
breadcrumbs at the end I'm going for
about three ounces of bread which cut
into pieces this sides will be of around
a cup and a half so into the food
processor and I just pulse it if I were
to process the whole thing I would kind
of make it would kind of turn into a
paste so I'm just pulsing it to break up
those large pieces and then once
everything's broken up I can process it
so I'm going for coarse crumbs here I
don't want them to disappear into the
pasta salad so this is looking good you
can see I have some finer pieces and
some slightly larger pieces I don't want
to go much finer than this and transfer
these to a bowl so the walnuts are
almost done I'm gonna jump over and
start the dressing so I have some jarred
roasted red peppers here for whole I'm
gonna start with my lemon the acid in
this recipe comes from lemon juice I'm
going to first to zest the lemon and
save that for my breadcrumbs later on I
have my microplane
I hope sometimes I see people with micro
planning like this my own method is to
kind of use it the other direction but
either way it works so usually one
medium lemon like this will yield a
couple of teaspoons of finely grated
zest and then I'm gonna cut the lemon in
half and juice it I can go right into
the food processor I can smell that the
nuts are toasted so I'm gonna pull these
out of the oven
you can see that they've taken on a nice
golden hue and you can't smell them but
they have a really kind of deep roasted
aroma so I'll let these cool off so
about a quarter of these go into the
dressing so I you know you can just
eyeball it it's not too precise so that
looks about right
and then the rest I'll save and once
they're cool I'll chop them and those go
into the pasta salad so in the dressing
I have the lemon juice from the lemon
before whole roasted red peppers just
from a jar to whole raw garlic cloves
half a teaspoon of crushed red pepper
flakes so that gives a little bit of
heat I found that with pasta salads when
you're serving a pasta dish cold like
this you have to really it really needs
a super flavorful dressing because the
sort of the colder temperature kind of
tamps down some of the flavors so in go
the walnuts so I have a half a cup of
oil feels like a lot but it's a lot of
pasta with a lot of surface area so it
needs that that volume to coat
everything and once this mixture is
smooth I'll start to process it I'll
stream in the oil
I also love the kind of vibe
reddish-orange to you that it gives the
whole pasta salad it feels very summery
with the tomatoes and that's the
contrast from the basil so into the feed
tube of this stream in the oil
am i streaming and slowly it'll emulsify
the dressing so it's thick and even has
sort of like a light airiness to it it
also makes a lot of dressing and that's
because cold pasta has a tendency to
like really absorb a lot of liquid and
moisture so we have to make a lot of
dressing so that even after the pasta
salads been sitting out for a little
while it still has kind of like a nice
sauciness now I'm just gonna season with
a little bit of kosher salt I can put
that back at my measuring cup where I
have the oil
now I'm gonna take my breadcrumbs over
to the stove and start to crisp those
and turn and get them nice and golden in
a pot and I'm also gonna cook my pasta
so this shape I love for this pasta
salad we call for fusilli Gigante in the
recipe and that is just like an
extra-large kind of corkscrew shape so
anything that's kind of in that family
will work you could use like medium
shells would be really nice but what I
love about this big corkscrew shape is
how well it catches all of that not only
all the sauce but all of those other
components in there like the chopped
walnuts and the breadcrumbs and
everything all my pastas cooking I'm
also going to crisps my bread crumbs so
I'm gonna bring the bread crumbs and my
lemon zest over to this stove set that
here so very often when we give a pasta
recipe we say to under cook your pasta
and that's because you end up cooking it
more in the sauce over the stove unlike
those recipes we're not cooking the
pasta again it's being served cold so
you want to cook it fully in your water
even a little bit past al dente because
as it cools sound the pasta will firm up
so into the water this doesn't have a
time on it I'm going to check it after
about twelve minutes it's a pretty thick
pasta shape so I think it'll take a
little while so I'll set my timer and
occasionally I'll give this a stir ok so
that's going and then I'm gonna turn put
some heat under this saucepan I'll put
that clicking stops
no all right we'll go to this burner so
I'll get a medium heat under this
saucepan then I have two tablespoons of
olive oil once the oil is hot and you
can tell because it will shimmer a
little bit across the surface in go the
breadcrumbs and I also chose the
breadcrumbs with another half teaspoon of
crushed red pepper flakes and then that
finely grated lemon zest from the lemon
so you want to keep this moving in the
in the pot because if you kind of let it
sit oftentimes you'll get some burning
around the edges we just want to let
this go until the breadcrumbs are
turning golden brown and start to crisp
and then while I'm over here
an occasional stir into the pasta
yeah do that I'm not really doing either
one very well I'm actually extremely
left-handed and extremely left dominant
can't do anything with my right hand
these are just about there your nose is
a good indicator they are turning golden
and also smelling very toasty so I'm
gonna pull these off they'll also
continue to darken a little bit
especially in this hot pan so I'll
transfer them back into this bowl and
bring the back over to the station with
me so it's been ten minutes I want to
show you a test for pasta doneness that
I mean obviously you just taste it but
one thing you can look for is hold on I
have to go back over there follow me
over there sorry as if you cut into the
pasta you'll often see if it's not quite
done yet there's like a little white
core and if I taste it I'm not quite
done when I was a kid I loved eating raw
pasta was weird I don't know why I don't
know why that was enjoyable okay
someone's calling me hold on you know I
don't know who it is anyway sorry it's
not my mom my mom does call me cuz I
feel old the day though she's like oh
I'm so glad you answered
okay over to the pasta
so at this point it's fully cooked none
of that start to ring in the middle I'm
gonna go drain it follow me back over to
the sink so normally I would never rinse
pasta because the pasta has this kind of
starch coating on it and in a hot pasta
dish you want that starch there to help
thicken the sauce but actually it works
against you in this recipe because it
will really tighten up that liquid and
kind of turn the sauce a little bit
pasty and thick and I don't want that to
happen I want to keep it nice and loose
and coating the pasta then I'll shake
that off also I didn't mention this
before but this is one pound of pasta
I'm a giant bowl and in goes the pasta
and a bowl the size is really helpful
because there's a lot of ingredients to
toss together so at this stage I'm going
to toss the pasta with about half of the
dressing I'm not adding all the dressing
for a couple reasons one over time the
pasta will really kind of absorb that
dressing and and kind of turn it a
little bit dry so I'm reserving half to
toss through at the end but it's
actually a good thing that it's gonna
absorb a lot of those flavors because
that's gonna help season everything okay
so now I have all my components here
that are going into the pasta salad I'm
gonna start by chopping my parm so it's
four ounces of parm it's a nice generous
amount I'm the person in the grocery
store because parm is really expensive
so I'm the person who looks through
every single pre-wrapped piece for the
piece that has the smallest amount of
Rhine so I feel like I'm getting the
most for my money like my dad would be
proud you know there's a lot of
different kind of grades of harm and I
love the parm that has those big
crystals in it like this
so you kind of can taste them as you're
as you crunch down on them same with the
breadcrumbs I like having all the pieces
be kind of irregular I'm not like
chopping them into perfect cubes also
sometimes I'm lazy and I kind of just
find if I already have the knife and
cutting board out just find it easier to
chop then getting out like a box grater
I'm going to move this off to the side
and now to do my walnuts same thing when
you chop nuts you kind of inevitably get
some bits that like turn to dust my
favorite part of this recipe the
tomatoes
they've this big beautiful bowl of
heirloom tomatoes and I need about a
pound you could use cherry tomatoes is
fine that would be great
you I like using heirlooms because you
can kind of cut them into these nice
irregular shapes so that's it each one
of these is about a half pound I think I
like the idea of using different colors
a pound the tomatoes do so many things
in this recipe they add a little bit of
sweetness a little bit of acid and
anything most importantly like that
juiciness so when you bite into it it
kind of marries with the rest of the
pasta salad we have all of our
components here all you do is finish
assembling so at this point if you did
all of this prep you could just throw
some plastic on top of the pasta salad
and let it sit here for several hours
obviously keep the basil in the fridge
so it doesn't wilt so I'm going to add
the rest of the dressing and I'm adding
the dressing before I'm adding the rest
of the ingredients because I don't
actually want the dress I want the
dressing to coat the pasta not so much
everything else so I'm gonna add the
tomatoes the nuts and the parm
you know bread crumbs sprinkle these on
top and I know it said it before but I
just love the way the bread crumbs in
particular kind of worked their way into
the grooves of the pasta basil and at
this point I'll just kind of gently fold
all these things through I want to
bruise the basil too much now I'm ready
to make a plate
a couple of basil leaves on top and then
just a final sprinkle of breadcrumbs
Andy your taste of pasta salad no pasta
with romesco sauce fresh tomatoes yeah
yeah right
we finally get to eat tomatoes when it's
tomato season which for us is kind of a
rare thing yeah I hope you try this
really fun summer side to bring to all
of your barbecues and picnics and it's a
great way to use up all of those awesome
Tomatoes at the farmers market so thanks
for watching yeah we would eat like
strands of spaghetti really or like yeah
I think my parents are just like you're
annoying us we're trying to make dinner
chew on this and I'd be like okay

Title - Claire Makes Homemade Ice Cream Sandwiches | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I gotta say I was like oh these ice
cream sandwiches yeah they're adorable
okay chill chitchat okay the ice cream
is melting everyone I'm Claire we are in
the bi Test Kitchen and today we are
making homemade ice cream sandwiches
inspired by the Good Humor bars that you
grew up with but with a really lovely
homemade cookie and store-bought ice
cream so it's a little baking a little
assembly and the result is a really fun
summertime treat so the first step is to
make the cookies so we are making a
chocolate rolled cookie that has a
little bit of a cakey texture to sort of
mimic that really cakey ice cream
sandwich that you unwrap from the paper
package so I start with my dry
ingredients so I have two and a half
cups all-purpose flour three quarters of a cup
cocoa powder unsweetened the teaspoon
and a half
kosher salt and one teaspoon baking
powder so the baking powder gives the
cookies a little bit of lift a little
bit of airiness which is really nice and
our ice cream sandwich you don't want
the cookie to be so hard that when you
bite down you just squish together to
ice cream the first step in building the
dough is to cream together the butter
and sugar start with two sticks which is
one cup unsalted butter one cup of packed
light brown sugar and three quarters of a cup of
white sugar I like to use a mix of brown
sugar and white sugar because you get
sort of a nice texture where you get
some of that snappy crispness from white
sugar and some chewiness from the brown
so these get mixed together really well
for about four minutes and I want to
look for the butter to get very pale and
light and fluffy the butter is very
light and fluffy I'm going to now add
the eggs so the eggs are room
temperature which is important because
cold eggs and to room temp butter will
make the butter harden and then you
don't get as smooth a texture now two
teaspoons of vanilla extract so I added
quite a lot of salt is one and a half
teaspoons that's because these cookies
are easy froze
and when you beat something cold it
really kind of mutes a lot of the
flavors so I added a lot of vanilla and
a lot of salt to these because I really
want that chocolate to be present when
you eat them even when they're frozen
I'm gonna grab a spoon to add my dry
ingredients it is a relatively large
amount of dry ingredients to butter
that's because I don't want the cookies
to spread a lot during baking I'm gonna
try to get those nights precise cut
sides and now once that's all
incorporated I'll just pulse it a couple
times to combine and then that's it I
don't want to overwork it because
working this mixture at this point too
much will make the cookies a little bit
tough okay so now I want to divide it in
half I don't have to be precise at all
and half the dough just goes roughly
half the dough goes just goes right on
the plastic so whatever shape when
you're chilling Joe whether it's pie
dough or cookie dough whatever shape you
chill it in that's the shape it's gonna
want to be when you're rolling it out I
want to press it into sort of a disc
slash square so there goes one so the
butter which is at room temperature
needs time to harden this will go into
the fridge for about two hours until
it's firm and then I can roll it out so
I'm just gonna bring in the ones we've
already done here we go so I have
parchment paper here that's gonna make
it a lot easier to roll out dough like
this it has the potential to soften a
lot especially in summertime so there's
parchment I have my rolling pin right
here I really like these straight dowel
rolling pins and I hear I have a little
bit of all-purpose flour just for
rolling I want to flour the dough a
little bit I should say these have also
been softening a room temperature for a
few minutes it's really hard to roll out
something with this much butter when
it's super cold because it's just gonna
crack so I want to roll this out into
kind of a rough rectangular shape but I
don't need precise sharp edges or
anything what's most important is that I
have one large slab and that it's an
even thickness I'm going for about one eigth
inch I want rectangles obviously for
that bar shaped sandwich but most people
don't have rectangular cutters they're
kind of hard to find
so rather than you
a cutter for this we're just gonna use a
ruler and a knife and cut our own shapes
so one recipe makes fifteen ice cream
sandwiches which means thirty cookies so
I'm gonna get about fifteen cookies out of
this one slap so I'm gonna cut
rectangles that are four inches long one
and a half inches wide for fifteen cookies
I'll cut it into a five by three grid so
that means twelve inches by seven and a
half inches in this direction we're
gonna cut it in two when I say five five
across now long ways I have three
cookies so every four inches so I'm
gonna line up these marks that I made on
all sides I'm just using a long chef's
knife which is easier because you can
get nice long cuts if you have a pizza
cutter you can use that too here we have
my grid all cut I'm gonna get rid of
these scraps so again fifteen cookies per
slab for fifteen sandwiches total I will
chill these while I roll out the second
disc of dough okay yeah so you can see
that the dough has hardened I'm gonna
use a fork to prick in several places
and make that classic sort of like Good
Humor bar shape so I prick in the middle
and then chew on either side I do think
it actually helps the cookies bake a
little bit more evenly it gives kind of
a place for some steam to escape and it
just also lends that really classic Ice
Cream Sandwich look these are ready to
go into the oven three hundred fifty for for twelve to fifteen
minutes and I'm looking for them to be
baked pretty much all the way through
and firm around the edges so they're
already cooled just to prepare them for
the ice cream all I'll do is turn over
half of them and these will be the
bottoms of the sandwich and these will
be the tops okay this recipe uses
exactly four pints of ice cream for fifteen
sandwiches now because I think it's a
little more fun and you get some neat
flavor combinations I'm using two
different kind so two pints of each what
we're going to do is create sort of a
two-tone ice cream sandwich in the same
way that we cut out our cookies I'm also
going to cut out the shapes of
I scream so that they fit onto the
sandwiches so I'm gonna basically work
this ice-cream into a mold I'm using ice
cream flavors that have contrasting
colors and also but are complementary in
flavor so I have green tea which is a
really really vibrant green color and
then vanilla obviously is white just as
an opportunity to have a couple flavors
going on at the same time let's take it
out of the pint and cut it up into big
pieces the idea here is to use like a
spatula or wooden spoon to stir this ice
cream into a smooth mixture and a really
good visual cue for this is it's going
to look like a thick cake batter so not
melted still really cold but totally
smooth so here I have a thirteen by nine pan that
is lined with a couple of layers of
plastic wrap and it was in the freezer
so it's important that the pan has had
time to get cold and if you have a metal
thirteen by nine I recommend using that because
metal cools down really fast and things
will freeze solid in it faster than if
you use glass so now that it's all in
here I use this offset spatula to spread
this ice cream into an even layer the
more even you have it
that means you'll just get that nice
clear line in between the two flavors
when you cut the sandwiches to assemble
so that looks good this should go back
into the freezer so that it can harden
again and the ice cream will solidify
and then I'm ready to do the exact same
thing with my second flavor so back into
the freezer so vanilla which is a nice
complement to the kind of like earthy
flavor of the green team exact same
process and now I'm ready to bring out
the slab of ice cream that's been
hardening alright so here's that green
tea you really want to do this stuff the
day before you assemble so this rest
whole recipe really benefits from a
couple days of prep because at this
stage once the second flavor is on you
really want to let it have a good long
while in the freezer
two thirds is totally solid so this is really
best on the day before you can leave it
in the freezer overnight and then
assemble the next morning after this is
frozen solid and we'll bring in a slot
for that we're going to unmold it cut
the shapes and you'll see that they'll
be on those exposed cut sides they'll
get kind of that cross-section and
you'll see
the two flavors stacked on top of each
other if you are pressed for time or you
just don't feel like dividing this into
two steps you can just take four pints
of ice cream of all the same flavor do
the softening put everything into the
pan and just let it freeze okay into the
freezer and just for the sake of this
video we're gonna bring in one that's
already frozen and assemble okay here's
my frozen slab let it cut it into the
exact same dimensions as I use to cut
the cookies I do want to work quickly
because especially in a kitchen that's a
little bit warm like this it will start
to melt pretty quickly it's gonna bring
these over here this side is twelve and then
seven and a half so I'm going to cut
this into three by five all right so now
everything's cut all I want to do is
assemble and I'm using this little
offset spatula to lift off the ice-cream
place it on top of the sandwiches so it
is the same dimensions as the cookie but
the cookies spread a little bit in the
oven so you get what is kind of a little
bit of a lip on the end of the
sandwiches and then just kind of gently
press to adhere so here's the thing you
do all that work make the cookies you do
the ice-cream slab but then you can't
eat them because they should really
really rest overnight and here's why
when you let the ice cream sandwiches
sit in the freezer the cookie will pull
some of the moisture out of the ice
cream and will hydrate that just means
when you bite into the cookie its soft
enough that you can cleanly bite through
without compressing the sandwich and
kind of squeezing out the ice cream so I
know it's tempting to assemble them and
eat them right away but you really want
to let them sit overnight because the
ice cream and it needs to have a chance
to harden and the cookies need to have a
chance to soften here they are so our
homemade good-humour style
ice cream sandwiches these have been
hanging out so what's good take a bite
very soon hmm what I said before about
how the cookies have a lot of salt and a
lot of vanilla
it really helps pull that chocolatey
flavor out of the cookie you get that
little bit of salt which helps offset
all the sweetness I love you can kind of
customize it according to any flavors of
ice cream that you like and then another
fun thing which I just got excited and
took a bite before I showed you this is
that you can take the sides and like Pat
sprinkles into them we hold on I'm gonna
grab sprinkles I have them what we do
that okay well then no I got it I need
sprinkles I don't you do is take the
sandwich and because you have these nice
flat cut sides you can kind of press the
sprinkles on to the sides I love kind of
these like pastel colors so it's really
really fun you can use like crushed
pretzels or any kind of chopped up candy
you can dip them in like a little bit of
melted chocolate or something white
chocolate anything kind of in that like
nostalgic
ice-cream-truck vein so there you have
it maybe we want our test Test Kitchen
friends to come and try them hey Brad do
you guys a little bite okay Chris yeah
more fancy fancy but the homemade right
yeah but I mean like green ice cream you
know it's green tea yeah do you want do
you want green tea you'll love it
just don't listen just try it just try
it we can't in any way bring yeah
right here take your pick I already bet
I take a bite out of that one already
ate it
thoughts
yeah it's salty right like you get that
good salt from a cookie it has a slight
cakiness that we were going for cause
like you know when you eat the Good
Humor bar like all it comes off on your
fingers yeah the best part I think that
you would achieve that with a little
time in the freezer wrapped in parchment
in Fahrenheit well you really want to
wrap in parchment to a waited to take
care of wrap in a parchment and then you
can bring me back to like that community
[Laughter]
okay no one cared about it okay but they
sold these at the clubhouse clubhouse
nobody's like a shade we're like
teenager then all right we have quite a
few leftover I'll put them back in the
freezer wrap tightly the last four you
know cook better part of a week and we
can continue to enjoy them so thanks for
watching
great well can't really pressed for time
you can buy some good humor bars and eat
those they're actually pretty good we're
gonna cut that far

Title - Claire Makes Best-Ever Barbecued Ribs | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
this chart oh thanks Carla I wouldn't
have pegged you as a griller Claire but
well I'm having music right now I
realize there is literally nothing you
can't do
hi everyone I'm Claire we're in the Test
Kitchen and today we are making bas best
barbecued ribs today I'm using st Louis
style ribs I'm from st Louis so I
requested these specially you can use
babyback they're a couple differences
the st Louis style ribs tend to be a
little bit bigger they come from the the
belly section of the ribs so there's a
little bit more fat on them I love sort
of a little bit of cartilage that you
get the baby backs come from closer to
the spine and they're always a little
bit smaller so the term barbecue can be
a little bit confusing for people if
you're from certain parts of the south
barbecue means you know smoked long
cooked in this context we're using a
little bit of more of a Yankee
definition and we're gonna go from the
oven to the grill so these ribs are dry
rubbed first baked until tender and then
finish on the grill with some barbecue
sauce first I'm gonna put together the
dry rub I have kosher salt and the Test
Kitchen we like to use Diamond kosher
for it's sort of fineness and the the
sort of flakiness I'm just combining all
of these together I have paprika dry
mustard some freshly ground black pepper
and for heat some cayenne and all I want
to do is mix these up and distribute
them evenly I also padded the ribs dry
with some paper towels there's still
plenty of moisture so that the dry rub
sticks
I'll liberally sprinkle the dry rub all
over the ribs on both sides and then
press lightly to help it here and then I
like to use my hands to sort of massage
that spice mix into all of the crevices
to Pat it into all the surfaces
okay so they've already kind of started
to absorb some of that spice rub and now
I will wash my hands and then wrap each
rack in two layers of foil to bake them
so I have my foil lined baking sheets
I'm going to individually wrap each rack
in a double layer of foil that keeps
contains all of the juices and then I'll
put them back on the foil lined sheets
just in case there's any kind of leaking
during baking and I like to sort of
create a seam at the top so that there's
less of a chance of the juices leaking
out during baking so I sort of crimp all
the way across and then once I get to
the end kind of like I'm wrapping a
present okay so here I have my five very
tightly sealed meat packets and these
are going to go into a three hundred fifty degree oven
until they're tender but not falling off
the bone so I'll show you in a couple
hours what that looks like and how to
test so for the st louis-style I'll
take a little bit longer than the baby
back we're thinking maybe around three
hours two and a half to three so we have
some ribs that we cooked this morning
actually brought in as a swap so I have
four slightly larger racks of the st
louis-style I'll show you a trick for
testing them while they're baking
because you go through the trouble of
crimping them into these tight foil
packets you don't want to have to unwrap
them to end have all the hot juices
splashing around to test them so I like
to use a cake tester you could also use
like a skewer or even a fork and just
poke through the foil and your aim is to
kind of get between the the bones of the
ribs to test the meat so you can see
this once he get through the foil it
slides through the meat pretty easily
what I like to do actually is instead of
unwrapping them completely is just to
stand them up on the end and then poke a
hole in the foil and let the juices
drain into a measuring cup there's so
much flavor in there we're not going to
throw them out we're going to use them
to fortify some store bought barbecue
sauce
okay so now that these are well drained
I can go ahead and unwrap them fully so
you can see that they are nicely
encrusted with that spice rub and the
meat has pulled away from the bones a
bit so that's how you know that they are
done so I have KC masterpiece today by
one of my favorite store-bought sauces
and I'm going to as I said fortify store
bought barbecue sauce with all the
juices from the ribs so I'll pour this
into about a cup and a half and then I
have a cup and a half of barbecue sauce
and with like a thicker style of
barbecue sauce like KC masterpiece it's
nice to fin it out a little bit you can
get you can kind of apply multiple coats
and get sort of like multiple layers of
kinesha Lac on the ribs here in the Test
Kitchen we have our gas grill on medium
high it's been preheating for a while
and I just
oiled the grill grates so I'm gonna take
everything over there and we're gonna
get these on the grill now before I get
the the ribs on I'm going to just face
them lightly in a coat of this sort of
thinned out sauce and as I'm grilling
them I'm not really cooking the ribs
further I'm really just trying to
caramelize and char that sauce so that
it sticks to the ribs
and adds that layer of flavor and I'll
continue to base them as I turn so I'm
gonna get the first ones on and this is
much easier if the ribs are cold when
they're cold they hold together really
well if they're hot they might want to
sort of break apart so I'm just laying
them on the on the grill soft side down
and when they go on I can also paint the
back sides with a little more of the
sauce I have just a regular pastry brush
here with natural bristles you can use
the silicone kind as well
and if you're like me and your arm is
burning off because the grill is really
hot but your brushes has a short handle
you can use your tongs to help you so
I'll turn these frequently just until I
see the first side starting to
caramelize but I'm gonna get the second
drafts on as well so I have a generous
amount of sauce here there's nothing
that's uncooked in the sauce so I can
save any remaining sauce for serving
the first ones I put down might be ready
to turn and it can also help to have a
flat flexible spatula when you're
grilling so I'm gonna grab I have a sip
spat right here just to help you get
underneath so you can see that this
first side has a nice caramelization I'm
gonna turn the heat down a little bit so
that it doesn't caramelize too quickly
and now every time I turn I'm going to
add another layer of sauce so I'm
building up a sort of a lacquered finish
on the ribs
now if you're finding that it's a little
bit difficult to manage racks that are
the full sides you can always cut them
in half and then grill sort of more
pieces that are a little bit smaller and
easier to turn and that wouldn't be a
bad idea for you can see some of the
racks the st louis-style have that
tapered end so that thinner end is going
to cook a little bit faster and
caramelize so it's not a bad idea to cut
the larger racks in half so I pulled
them off the grill the girl was really
really hot so they didn't go the full ten
minutes and probably on there for maybe
four or five but you can see I have nice
caramelization sort of an even char
across them and a pretty nice layer of
sauce also so I'm gonna bring them back
over to the cutting board where we're
gonna cut them I'm just gonna do a track
by rack
sometimes with Saint Louis ribs it's a
little bit hard to find that area
between the bones to cut through
sometimes you end up cutting through
cartilage that's fine you can just use a
sharp knife with baby backs it's a
little bit easier and then when you get
to the end you can leave the two bones
together so you get a little bit bit of
a bigger piece and then I'll just
arrange them on this platter
and at this stage you could add a little
bit more sauce or you can put something
off to the side for people to add their
own during eating as a kid I loved
dinners where we had pork ribs and one
of the reasons is because you have to
eat of them with your hands and I love
eating with my hands so fun why don't
you with your hands you want a little
more sauce
we've sauce on the side all right well
thanks you got a whole eight pounds of
them these are such a great recipe for
summer barbecues cookouts you can make
them ahead so the prep is really really
simple kind of foolproof right

Title - Claire Makes BA's Best English Muffins | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
know how describe English muffinz
they're sort of pillowy I'm very puffy
soft light and Plex crunchy texture on
the outside all of those nooks and
crannies super delicious all right this
is a really fun recipe I'm going to show
you how to make English muffins they're
not something you can only buy at the
store it is a fun recipe to make at home
and I will show you a good do ahead so
that you can try it for your next brunch
party so I have all my ingredients here
this is a yeasted recipe so we start
with one packet of active dry yeast so the
first thing we want to do with active
dry yeast always is proof it that just
means we want to make sure the yeast is
alive even with recipes where it's not
sweet this is not a sweet recipe I'd
like to add even a little bit of sugar
because it does enhance flavor and it
also makes for better browning so a cup
of warm water basically active dry yeast
our yeast granules that are coated in a
dehydrated shell and the warm water just
dissolves that shell and activates the
yeast so we'll wait for that to get
foamy so I can start while my yeast is
proofing I can start by combining all
these ingredients so buttermilk if you
don't have buttermilk you can just use
regular milk but I love the flavor and
tenderness that you get by using
buttermilk two teaspoon salt two tablespoons
oil you don't want like clumps of butter
in there so if you need to you can zap
it in the microwave on low power for ten
seconds at a time just keep an eye on it
so it doesn't melt and then our three
and a half cups of bread flour and I
have the dough hook on my mixer this is
a very wet dough so when I was testing
the recipe I kept adding moisture
because one of the hallmarks of a good
English muffin is all of those nooks and
crannies and one of the ways that you
get those larger air bubbles in it is to
increase the moisture in the dough and
that goes
okay we really just let the mixer do all
the work here
so that'll come together I started
unload just so I don't like spray flour
all over the counter so I want at the
end it is a wet dough so it will be a
little bit sticky but I want a Jo that's
very very smooth and supple so at the
moment it's formed sort of a shaggy
dough and a lot of the flour is
incorporated so I can increase this
speed and if I need to well scrape down
those sides okay so after a few minutes
on high speed in the mixer the dough
started out very very sticky but now it
is starting to pull away from the sides
of the bowl so I'm gonna just clean down
the sides a little bit so while that's
finishing up off the parable so I think
the dough is ready it's clearing the
sides and this just goes into this bowl
using a large bowls of the the dough has
room to rise okay then a little bit of
plastic over top now this goes into the
fridge for what we call an overnight
proof now the dough itself is warm
because we added all the liquid the
buttermilk in the water were warm so
this will actually proof in the fridge
but you know as it cools down it will
also kind of tighten up and make it
easier to form the individual English
muffins because it is such a sticky Joe
[Music]
okay we have our dough that rested
overnight in the refrigerator it did
gain some and volumes you can see that
if I take off the plastic so there's
that before we portion it out I want to
ready our two sheet trays so when you
use after dry yeast usually you do two
Rises so for the second rise we do after
we form the English muffins and they're
gonna rise on these sheets so just to
give them plenty of room to rise I'll do
six per sheet and you know when you see
like the English muffins in the store it
has that very distinctive cornmeal kind
of coating on it so we're gonna use
cornmeal to dust the sheets and I'm also
going to dust them on top so I'll keep
this nearby okay now I'm going to
portion the dough out into twelve equal
pieces you can see where those air
bubbles of are that it the yeast did its
job and it started to aerate the dough
okay so for twelve I'll do in half once in
half again to make quarters and then
I'll do each quarter into three pieces
here I want to be gentle I don't want to
de gas the dough too much because what
I'm looking for are those big air
bubbles so for each piece I'm gonna do
kind of a quick forming method where I
basically stretch the gluten around the
surface of the dough so that I have a
nice sort of tight ball and really that
just means kind of taking the edges and
bringing them into the center like that
so I have these little kind of tight
packages that's more or less in a circle
but that's really the only operation you
need to do if you want to make them make
sure they're really really round and
perfect you can kind of almost like
you're forming dinner rolls
have this sort of tightening action by
sliding the ball across the counter and
then transfer it seem side down to the
cornmeal there we go
so I'm kind of stretching it out into
kind of a rough square and then pulling
all of those edges into the center and
then flipping it over okay so once you
have six to a sheet you can take a
little bit of this excess cornmeal and
dust the top so the plastic doesn't
stick so these are gonna proof again and
I'm gonna let them swell until they are
almost doubled in size they'll get very
very puffy so now just quickly going
back to the other half of the dough this
the quicker you can kind of work that
dough the better because fast hands you
know it like sticks less okay so this is
the last one
okay so that just kind of gently drapes
over and now these guys are just gonna
hang out and then it's time to cook them
okay it's been eighty minutes and these have
proof really nicely they are definitely
around doubled in size if I shake the
tray you can see they're clearly air
filled because they have a little bit of
that jiggle so now I'm ready to start
cooking them so English muffins are in a
category of baked goods that get
griddled and then I'm going to transfer
them to the oven so they can finish
baking so here I have a girl that's over
two burners that's on low they're very
delicate because they're so puffy so I
just don't want to damage them too much
or tear anything or pop any air bubbles
so I'm gonna use two metal spatulas and
I'm gonna try to get actually underneath
the cornmeal so that I'm not actually
touching any of the dough and that it
makes it a pretty easy transition and
there's no grease on the griddle at all
so one of the things I'm looking for is
I can obviously just lift up with a
spatula and peek underneath but I'll see
the dough start to take on sort of a
more matte consistency around the edges
it's still a little bit shiny on top you
could do this if you have a big
cast-iron skillet but a griddle is
easier because if it has those lower
sides and obviously a much bigger area
so it's just a more convenient way to
cook more of them at once but a
cast-iron griddle is a great tool to
have often they come with one side as a
grill pan with the ridges and then the
other side flat so it's useful to have
if you make a lot of pancakes or if you
make a lot of English muffins all right
so these are starting to turn a little
bit golden I like you know I want it to
be a dark golden brown not certainly not
burnt but I wanted to take on a nice
amount of color
the color also happens quickly though so
once you see it's starting to turn a
little bit golden keep an eye on it
don't walk away because it'll go from
golden to burn pretty quickly okay I'm
gonna flip this I like the way that the
bottom looks so just give it up I'm
really bad at flipping stuff I this is
why I don't make pancakes at home I'm a
terrible flipper I don't know why so I'm
just gonna do my best
I've been told that it's the wrist
action there we go
Aibileen being left-handed I don't know
what that has to do with it
so as they finish on the second side
I'll transfer them into the oven I have
a baking sheet in there that's already
preheating so they'll go directly onto a
hot sheet tray so they don't cool down
too much and now I'll just wipe down
this griddle get all of the cornmeal off
and I'll start again with the second pan
okay so my first batch has been in the
oven five minutes on the low side and
the first one it's been about seven so
they're all should be about baked
through and now while these cool I'll
transfer the second batch to the oven
but in the meantime these guys can go on
this wire rack so now we just want to
wait for these to cool a little bit for
some of the steam to escape they're
really nice warm though so they don't
have to cool all the way and as they
cool you'll see that they'll start to
settle a little bit and they'll get that
kind of telltale waste we call it around
the sides and then I'll show you how to
open them which is a very important
process I don't want to use a knife what
to use two forks okay so this is the
second batch which are done
the first batch has been cooling for a
few minutes when you pick them up you
can really feel how light they are they
sort of pillowy and they have this sort
of crunchy side okay so I'm going to
show you how to split them to eat them
there's a key technique and that's using
two forks so you fork them open rather
than using a knife and I've just kind of
like slices through all the bubbles and
so you don't get such an irregular
nothing cranny kind of texture so I just
put it on its side and go in along that
waist and then use a second fork to pull
it apart and then just work around the
perimeter this more tear is it rather
than slices it so you get better texture
to hold the sort of melted butter and
jam
[Music]
okay there you have it all twelve English
muffins I love this recipe it's so much
fun it's sort of like theater if you
have people over be very impressed with
you
griddling the English muffins and really
making something that I think a lot of
people thought could only be
store-bought and they are so much more
delicious than the kind you get in the
supermarket so thanks for watching hmm
super delicious oh it's not anything oh
it's not that hard it's not that easy

Title - Claire Makes Monkey Bread | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
[Music]
monkey bread is the ideal holiday baking
recipe because you can make it for a
crowd put it down at your holiday party
and everyone can eat it with their hands
it's like dessert finger food
this version uses a brioche dough that's
not too sweet but it's very rich so now
I'm going to show you how to make the
brioche the first step of the recipe is
to take two sticks of butter and beat it
until smooth and the mixer and that
makes it easy to incorporate into the
dough but it keeps the butter a little
bit cold so that the dough doesn't
soften too much so that looks good the
pieces have disappeared and I just have
a smooth but still cold mixture I'm
taking the butter out of the bowl and
transferring it to a separate bowl
because I'm gonna put the dough together
in the mixer so I have one packet of
active dry yeast I want to do something
called proof the yeast which is make
sure that the yeast is alive so I need
to dissolve it in a little bit of warm
liquid and I have a third of a cup of
milk to bloom the yeast
I just want to heat it up first until
it's warm but not hot so just steaming
so I want to proof it in this bowl so
this mixture hopefully will bubble up
and get very foamy in about five minutes
I should see lots of you know foamy
bubbles on top so while I'm waiting for
that I can put the other ingredients
into the bowl I have three cups of
all-purpose flour three tablespoons of
granulated sugar one teaspoon of kosher
salt
so just list these ingredients together
and I'm just waiting on the yeast it
looks like it's like I made Australia
it's like a good is a good word shock
test and what do you see in the proof
yeast bread mui egg TiVo the yeast has
bubbled off - this goes into the mixing
bowl for large eggs at room temp now I
get the dough hook going starting on low
so now the eggs are broken up I'll
increase the mixer speed to about medium
and it will just start bringing
incorporating that flour from the sides
into the dough into a single mass in the
center the dough's come together you can
see it's quite stiff but it's also very
smooth and now I'm ready to add the
butter I started really just a
tablespoon at a time I'm just
waiting for the dough to absorb that
first piece of butter before I add
another bit I greased a bowl here with a
little bit of room temp butter this is
where I'm gonna proof the dough and here
I have a very smooth very beautiful
dough I like to kind of form it into a
smooth dome that makes it expand really
evenly so I have a good sense of how its
doubling in size and this just goes into
the bowl seam side down and I'll cover
it in plastic all right into a warm spot
until doubled in size which will take
about an hour okay so the dough has
about doubled in size so I have a thirteen by
nine pan here I'm gonna line this pan in
plastic I'm going to turn this out onto
my work surface and this part is
important I'm going to D gas it and that
will just again help me to get a more
even rise the second time around and now
I'm gonna press it into this pan into an
even layer so now I'm going to cover it
with the overhang of plastic and the
dough is quite soft because that butter
is room temperature so I'm going to put
it in the freezer not to freeze it but
to just have the dough cool down so the
butter is hard and I can cut it into an
even grid that'll take you know twenty to thirty
minutes while I'm waiting for my dough
to firm up in the freezer I can prep my
pan and also make my cinnamon sugar
coating I have a couple tablespoons of
just softened butter so just a thin even
layer of butter and definitely getting
up the tube and around the sides the
first time I made monkey bread at home I
did not account for how much it was
gonna rise and the thing like was like
Strega Nona's pasta pot it like bubbled
out we use Gorilla Glue
I just bought Gorilla Glue because I had
to reglue the floor tiles my bathroom
and I know my god I walked I like walk
was like aha and then you can't like
clean it up because hardens into cement
can you come over and fix it okay
nevermind thanks Brad so the next step
is to dust the pan with sugar sanding
sugar gives like a really pretty sparkle
to the outside so if you have it go
ahead and use it if not granulated is
fine so each piece of the monkey bread
gets coated in a mixture of cinnamon
sugar so I have three quarters of a cup of sugar
and a tablespoon of cinnamon and the
main flavors in this recipe are butter
and cinnamon sugar so you want to make
sure that you're really tasting the
cinnamon for the forming stage I have
not only my cinnamon sugar but I have
six tablespoons of melted butter that's
warm but not hot and I have my dough
that was in the freezer you might be
thinking wow that's a whole lot of
butter in this recipe but I'm not going
to use all of this I mean it's still a
lot of butter but I don't let the
holidays
so just to an even coating on top of the
dough so this gets pretty generous
coating of the cinnamon sugar and move
it all around rather than coating each
little ball in butter and then cinnamon
sugar you're kind of doing it all at
once
pour that excess back into the bowl the
plastic grab is going to help me get it
out of the pan and now on the other side
another layer of butter and cinnamon
sugar so I'll cut this into a twelve by
six grid okay so now I have my grid and
my prepared pan and now I'm ready just
to form these quickly in two little
spheres so when I placed it in the pan
I'm spacing the balls between a quarter
and a half inch apart because they're
gonna expand quite a bit this is a fun
thing to do if you have a lot of cooks
in the kitchen or kids they can help
with this part of just rolling rolling
the dough so last piece goes in its like
right there
for this to proof again for the second
rise I'm will cover it in plastic and
I'll put this in a warm spot and I will
wait until the balls have nearly doubled
in size it'll take about forty or fifty
minutes okay so it's been actually
closer to fifty minutes but the dough is
proofed and if I poke one what happens
is the dough springs back but leaves a
slight indentation so that's how you
know you're there all right when my oven
is at three hundred fifty I'll put this in until it's
risen and the top is golden brown
it'll take between twenty five and thirty five
it's okay it's been close to thirty minutes
but I think it's time to pull it now oh
yeah it looks really good so you can see
it's evenly golden brown and the top is
firm to the touch so I know it's ready
my favorite part about this recipe
besides just eating it is that when as
it bakes like all of the butter and
cinnamon sugar creates this smell that
like pumps into your kitchen and it's
like being in a bakery and it smells so
so good so yeah if you have guests
coming over pop that's in the oven it
creates like just the most incredible
kitchen aroma I have sugar flying
everywhere there we go now it's
perfectly in one piece to finish I will
put it on a serving platter and I have
just a little bit of a caramel sauce so
I just give it a little glaze
[Music]
and now all I have to do is taste I'm
gonna go I like that guy I want this one
mmm crispy cinnamon sugary buttery it's
pretty hard to beat perfect for your
holiday parties but just to get a second
opinion I'm gonna have some people come
and try it
cue the hungry hordes Oh God boy if you
stand here long enough you'll like eat
half of it that's I'm not saying that
from experience it's a sticky cinnamon
II made for a crowd holiday centerpiece
drink oh la la

Title - Claire Makes Coconut Cream Pie with Four Kinds of Coconut | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I never thought I really liked coconut
cream pie because all the versions have
tried they're kind of bland there's too
much custard so I set out to create a
version that uses a lot of different
kinds of coconut to really pack a lot of
flavor in there this kind uses shredded
coconut plus coconut oil and coconut
milk so starting with the crust it's a
graham cracker based crust but in this
version i use finely shredded coconut
it's about a cup and a quarter and I'm
gonna reserve a half cup for later four
ounces of graham crackers and break
these up into the food processor
two tablespoons of granulated sugar
quarter teaspoon of salt and
three-quarters of a cup of the toasted
coconut
I just want to pulse this to get sort of
like medium fine crumbs everything's
pretty much broken down and it looks
even in texture okay so now with the
motor running I will stream in four
tablespoons or half the stick of melted
unsalted butter that's been cooled so at
this point the crumbs resemble wet sand
starting to kind of stick together in
clumps but this should keep it really
well bound going thinking I'll add it
over now you can see that if I squeeze
the mixture together it holds its shape
the first thing I'm doing is kind of
establishing an even layer around all
the sides and then I like to use a
measuring cup with straight sides like
this and use it to sort of pact the
crumbs onto the plate now that I have a
fairly even firm layer around the sides
I add the rest of my crumbs oftentimes
they also make the size a little bit
thicker than the bottom just for that
support okay I'm ready to bake this I
have my oven at three hundred fifty it'll go until the
crust is firm and the edges will be
visibly darkened and that takes about twelve
to eighteen minutes it's been fifteen minutes so
this looks good there is nice browning
around the edge it's nice and firm one
of my goals with this recipe was to
introduce some more texture into the pie
so I added a caramel layer in the bottom
with that toasted coconut that I set
aside before that's what I'm gonna make
now okay so the first thing I'm going to
do
it starts to caramelize my sugar I had a
third of a cup of granulated sugar and a
small heavy-bottomed saucepan I have it
over like medium-low and the first thing
I want to do is sprinkle an even layer
of sugar into the bottom of the pan and
it takes just a minute or so all right
it's starting to happen it's so fun to
watch I have all of the sugar all the
little granules melting into liquid
sugar and now once that happens I just
add another layer of sugar on top
so I can smell it it's starting to
caramelize around the edges and turn
very golden and I've almost used all my
sugar so I can use a heatproof spatula
like this to stir a bit so this looks
beautiful it's all dissolved it's
perfectly smooth and it is a dark amber
color and that's what I'm looking for so
now I have a quarter cup of heavy cream
which I use to stop the cooking so off
the heat and I'm just arresting the
cooking of the caramel so it doesn't get
you need a darkened so even after adding
the cream I have this beautiful dark
amber liquid and now I can also add my
other ingredients I have two tablespoons
of coconut oil half a cup of toasted
coconut that I reserved plus some kosher
salt I always add salt to the caramel it
brings out the flavors so beautifully
this is looking great
okay this mixture is so really really
hot so I'm going to cool it down and
then it goes into the pie okay so I have
the cooled crust and the cooled coconut
caramel I was told in tastings of this
pie that the combination of crust and
this coconut caramel tasted exactly like
us
Samoa Carlstedt cookie which I chose is
a big compliment because I love those
that looks great and now we can set this
aside while I make the custard filling
all right so this is the filling for the
pie it's basically a pastry cream but
instead of using half and half which is
what I typically use for pastry cream
I'm also using
nope so you're sensing the feet take one
can of unsweetened coconut milk this is
a fifteen ounce can it's about a cup and a
half all this will melt down and come
together so now to the coconut milk one
vanilla bean I split the bean open with
a paring knife and then use the dull
side of the blade to scrape out the
seeds if you've ever seen fluid vanilla
ice cream it has those little black
flecks that's what this is and that goes
into the milk I also throw the whole pod
in because there's flavor in here okay
now over to the stove I have it over
medium and I'll bring it up to a simmer
so it takes about ten minutes or so to
reduce down to about a cup all right so
this has been simmering for almost ten
minutes now I'm ready to add one cup of
half-and-half okay this I can leave here
I want it just at a very very gentle
even a bare simmer while I go mix the
eggs so I have a strainer set up over a
large bowl and again instead of adding
cubed cold butter I have three tables in
coconut oil now time for my eggs I have
five whole eggs here I'm gonna only use
the yolks from four of them but I also
like to add one whole egg to the mixture
because that added white again adds a
really nice lightness to the texture of
the cream so in the thickener I have
three tablespoons cornstarch and a half
a cup of sugar and a pinch of kosher
salt now with a whisk vigorously beat
this the goal here is to work some air
into the yolks the peanuts are need to
get pale and stick
okay kind of bring over to the stove but
I don't want to do is scramble my eggs
because I add them to the liquid so I do
it stuff called tempering where I take a
little bit of the hot liquid and first
incorporate it into the eggs to bring
the temperature of the eggs up do a
couple more of those and again my liquid
is not boiling it's just in a very
gentle simmer barely bubbling it's they
for me now to mix all of the eggs back
into the pot so this goes from a very
liquid mixture into sort of a thick
pudding like cream so we're cooked I
don't want to keep it on heat any longer
back over to the bowl and now into the
mesh strainer set over the bowl so
immediately the hot cream is melting the
coconut oil that I had in the bottom of
the bowl so I have this beautiful
coconut pastry cream and I'm ready to
fill the pie just a bit and this needs
to chill so the pastry cream sets I do
want to cover with plastic and I press
it directly onto the surface of the
cream just to prevent a skin from
forming okay sorry I'm eating a lot of
coconut in the development process of
this pipe ok the pie is chilled just by
chopping my finger on the surface I can
feel it's nicely said it's pretty firm
and so now it's time to finish it I have
one and a half cups of very cold heavy
cream we're doing just a very simple
whipped cream topping
I want sort of softly whipped cream not
too stiff or like turtle looking okay so
now it's starting to thicken and I add two
tablespoons of
speakers whipping cream okay this looks
softly whipped plastic comes off so I
just do like big dollops all around a
little bit okay the finishing touches
I have toasted unsweetened coconut just
a sprinkle to finish there we have
coconut cream pie and it's time to cut a
slice here you can see all the layers
there's whipped cream and coconut the
coconut pastry cream the coconut caramel
and the coconut crust
I love the chui layer coconut caramel at
the bottom the clean is light
there's a subtle coconut flavor there's
so much texture this is a pie and get
behind there's coconut everywhere take
my pieces over there
no still eating the pie over here

Title - Claire Makes a More Sophisticated Cinnamon Bun | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
[Music]
morning buns are something I've been
seeing popping up a lot on the Instagram
feed and I've been seeing them in
bakeries around town turns out they are
like the more sophisticated older
sibling of the sticky bun but equally
delicious so I set out to create our
ultimate versions and that's going to
show you today so the base of these buns
is a pretty straightforward Ystad dough
I'm gonna start with one packet of
active dry and then I have one cup of
warm milk and then one teaspoon of honey
this is a sweet component that kind of
like activates the east and gives it
something to feed on after just a few
minutes the yeast is nice and bubbly I
have two cups bread flour I have four
wipes and an extra quarter cup of honey
so because all the sweetness has added
to the dough's start it on low just to
incorporate everything and once the
flour looks hydrated I'll turn it up a
little bit so this stage is called a pre
ferment this goes you know a few minutes
maybe three or so okay so this looks
light and stick almost like cake batter
and now I want to let this rise but a
good trick if you're using a pre ferment
is instead of covering this I'm gonna
put the rest of the flour on top but not
mix it in so I have another cup and a
half of bread flour and one cup of whole
wheat flour I'm using whole wheat
because I like the flavor that it gives
it sort of adds a nuttiness and now I
just want to put this aside in a pretty
warm place until I can see there's a
batter underneath it's bubbling up and
around the flour she'll take about a
half an hour so now I'm ready to add the
rest of my ingredients and I'm gonna
switch to a dough hook because this is
gonna help develop a lot of the gluten
in the bread flour I have the four yolks
plus one extra so that's five total and
I have two teaspoons vanilla extract two
teaspoon kosher salt this is Diamond so
if you're using Morton's which is
saltier go with one teaspoon I really like
the way orange plays with the vanilla so
two teaspoons orange the last ingredient
before I add the butter is an extra
quarter cup of cold milk I want this to
be cold because I'm actually trying to
bring the temperature of the dough down
gonna seem like a really really sticky
wet dough but as the develops and gains
it will start to pull away from the
sides and eventually clear the sides
altogether now actually I'm ready to
start adding my butter so if you've ever
made a dough like brioche which is a
very enriched dough this will be
familiar to you so I have room
temperature butter here at two sticks or
one cup so I'm just gonna add the butter
one piece at a time
and the dough at this stage really I
would describe it as being very buoyant
it's light and texture it's very smooth
that's how you know you're done I've now
got this bowl
totally wedged into the mixer I just
want you to see what the texture of that
dough looks like it's smooth and shiny
and really really soft but it also has
good gluten development you can see it's
very very stretchy and now I'm ready to
chill this overnight these are columns
morning buns so you want to eat them in
the morning so all of this work you do
the night before now I'm gonna mix the
filling so I start with one stick of
butter there's a scheme here I have three quarters
of a cup
light brown sugar quarter of a cup of honey
I used honey in the dough I really like
the flavor that honey Gibbs so I kind of
used it throughout the recipe a
tablespoon of ground cinnamon and three quarters of
a teaspoon ground cardamom all I'm doing
here is melting the butter and stirring
it until it comes together in a smooth
mixture I don't want to boil it I don't
want to cook this sugar because I don't
make toffee the butter is pretty much
all melted before I feel the buns I want
to let this cool so I'll bring it off
the heat this show has a lot of yeast in
it and it rises really fast and then
right now I'm just gonna punch it down
slightly floured surface this recipe
makes twenty four buns I'll work with one piece
and chill the other while I do this the
goal here is to work relatively quickly
while the dough is still really cold and
I'm gonna work on a piece of parchment
paper because it makes it a lot easier
to roll the dough into a log to get into
a rectangle it's easiest to start with a
rectangle shape so I've kind of molded
it with my hands
it definitely benefits from an extra
sprinkling of flour now and then and I
like to turn it a lot too and we are
ready to fill and I want to put half of
it on I'll save the other half for the
second round of dough the goal here is
just to get everything in an even layer
and for that I really like to use a baby
offset spatula it just makes this so
easy to spread use the parchment to
guide this log this have to be really
really tight but you don't want a lot of
loose gaps either the dough's been out
of the fridge for a few minutes and it's
starting to soften a little bit and I
want those really defined spirals so
throw it in the fridge I'm gonna spray
to twelve-cup muffin tins with a little oil
so the first thing I'll do is to trim
off just about a half inch from each
side and now to make twelve I'll go in half
first and then into quarters and then
each quarter into thirds and now this is
time for the second rise I want to let
these proof at room temperature but they
don't cook for long about twenty or twenty five
minutes until the thickness of the dough
in the spiral is nearly doubled in size
so these are proofed and I'm going to
show you how I know that if I poke
inside of the dough it will spring back
but not quite all the way that's how I
know we're ready
when the buns come out I'm gonna glaze
them and that's because I really want
them to look glossy and beautiful and as
appealing as possible so I have four
tablespoons butter half stick and that
extra quarter cup of honey I was talking
about so it's kind of the same as for
the filling I'm not really cooking this
I just want to melt it together and get
it smooth
voila morning buns so while these are
still warm I just give them a light
brush the last thing I want to do is
sprinkle them with a final coating of
sugar
this is sanding sugar you can use
regular granulated it works just as well
and now while they're still warm I want
to take them out and let them cool on a
rack you get that really nice caramel a
bottom here we are twenty four morning funds they
go down really easy you might not eat
only one I'm gonna try them out not too
sweet very buttery they are really the
perfect warning center mmm there's a
warmth

Title - Claire Makes Chocolate Macaroon Cake | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
a couple months ago I set out to create
the perfect Passover dessert and it's
this chocolate coconut macaroon cake
inspired by the traditional Passover
dessert it happens to be gluten-free and
dairy-free and totally delicious
[Music]
so this version of the cake has no
flower but it uses ground almonds and
coconut in place so here I have one cup
of raw almonds and I'm going to toast
seeds in a three hundred fifty oven until golden brown
and fragrant while those are toasting
I'll prepare my baking pan this cake is
very free so it's totally closed for
Passover and I'm using coconut oil
instead of butter the goal is just to
get a thin coating here so in goes this
parchment round and what I like to do
here is use my fingertips and palm to
press out all the air another thin layer
of coconut oil over the parchment and
just to ensure no sticking I'll dust the
bottom and sides of the pan with a bit
of cocoa okay so I have the bottom
inside coated I just took my almonds out
of the oven I will let these cool and in
the meantime I have eight ounces of dark
chocolate here one cup also virgin
coconut oil mix these together ok I'll
bring this over to my stove here I have
a saucepan with about an inch of water
and it's just barely simmering and I
have a heat proof Bowl here this goes on
top and the water isn't touching the
bottom of the bowl the idea here is that
the steam is creating a gentle heat that
melds the chocolate the chocolate is
almost all the way melted at this stage
I can take it off the double boiler
because the heat in the mixture will
finish melting the chocolate back over
to my station and I want this mixture to
cool before I make my cake again I don't
slouch
I'm using ground almonds I need to grind
these in a food processor this is a
quarter cup of cocoa powder and a
teaspoon of salt and now I want to add a
half cup of finely shredded coconut ok
now it's time to start building my cake
this style of cake is called an egg foam
cake I'm not starting by creaming the
butter and sugar together I'm starting
with eggs so six whole eggs go into the
mixer this recipe does not have any
chemical leavener so that means like
baking soda or baking powder the way
that this cake gets is lift is by
working air into the whole eggs so I
beat the eggs on medium speed until no
longer streaky and it only takes about
twenty seconds now I'm ready to work in my
sugar I have a half cup of white sugar
and a half cup of light brown sugar
and two teaspoons of vanilla now back on
medium-high speed until the eggs are
very light and thick okay so at this
phase its pale and light it's sort of
moosie but it doesn't have that sort of
really thick volume so with this going
on low I don't want to deflate the eggs
too much I stream in my cold chocolate
mixture so now we have something
resembling chocolate cake batter and in
go my dry ingredients I'll just fold
these in on low gradually adding now I
don't over mix here because again I
don't want to lose too much of the air
in those eggs so I think what I'll do
last is fold a couple times by hand just
to make sure all the dry ingredients are
incorporated
okay now into my pan okay every last bit
into the cake pan you can see it's
fairly full this cake doesn't rise a lot
as I said before it's a slightly denser
chewier cake this goes into our three hundred twenty five oven
and when it's done I'll insert a cake
tester into the center and it will come
out greasy looking so a little bit wet
but clean with no crumbs that'll take
about thirty five to forty five minutes and I'm going to
put together sort of a nice thing where
I'm calling the ganache except it's not
a true ganache because I'm using coconut
milk instead of heavy cream so I have
four ounces of chopped chocolate along
with a tablespoon of agave and a little
bit of kosher salt okay so this is a
half cup of coconut milk and I want to
keep this up just until it's simmering
the idea is that the heat from the
coconut milk will melt your chocolate so
this comes up to a simmer pretty fast
because of all the fat that's in here
bring it back over to the chocolate and
just pour it straight over and this I
really just want to let it rest for a
few minutes until the heat from the
coconut milk can melt all the chocolate
this is the cake it's been out of the
oven and it's mostly cooled I'm ready to
unmold it you can also see that the cake
sunk ever so slightly in the center
that's normal you find that a lot with
cakes that are you know an egg foam cake
and I can unmold it directly on to this
cake stand okay this goes into my stand
mixer with the paddle the idea here is
what I want to beat this to work a
little bit of air into it until the
mixture is basically cooled the tricky
part here is that it starts to set
really really fast and once it cools so
I'm looking for the part where it's just
spreadable and I'm going to immediately
ice my cake and the entire thing goes
over the cake now I like to use a little
baby offset spatula going all the way to
the edge but not quite over the edge and
it looks pretty loose here but you'll
find after just a few minutes
it's totally set up alright so I don't
want to fuss with it too much
people are looking really good and now
I'm ready for the final step which
creates some decorative crunchy toppings
out of almonds and flaked coconut so I
have one tablespoon of sliced almonds
these are blanched if you can find the
ones with the pins on them that looks
pretty - and then I have this large
flaked coconut unsweetened two tablespoons
and I'm just tossing it with a teaspoon
of agave you could use maple or honey
words any other liquid sweetener and a
teaspoon of granulated sugar this Plus
this together so that everything is well
coated alright all of this is combined
and just onto a parchment lined baking
sheet this goes into a three hundred fifty degree oven until
the almonds and coconut are toasted and
golden and the sugars are caramelized ok
these toasted for about four minutes you
can see there's nice caramelization
they're nice and shiny and I want to let
these cool and then I'll break up into
smaller pieces okay now onto our cake
there's no real art to this kind of
letting them fall where they want to you
can see from the inside of the cake that
it's very fudgy very moist sort of like
a brownie but when you eat it you get
all the texture from the coconut and the
almonds it's a really really good
chocolate cake I promise you will not
miss the butter or the flour and it's so
good I'm going to make it all year round
not just a Passover

Title - Claire Makes Creamy Pasta with Mushrooms and Prosciutto | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
a while back I did a pasta story for
fall for the magazine and this is my
favorite recipe from that story it's
pasta with prosciutto and mushrooms and
even though it comes together in twenty
minutes
it feels really luxurious and special
especially on a weeknight so here I have
a pound of mixed mushrooms now I like
mushrooms because they're quick cooking
they're easy to prep I don't even have
to use my knife for this part just turn
them into bite-sized pieces okay all my
mushrooms were prepped it came together
pretty fast now everything else happens
over at the stove this is sixteen cups of
water I add a lot of salt maybe for this
amount of water up to quarter cup or so I
have my Dutch oven under medium-high
heat and a quarter cup of olive oil the
first thing is I will crisp my
prosciutto I'm going to lay that down in
a single layer when the prosciutto is
crisp I'll transfer to the plate to
drain you see the prosciutto has shrunk
quite a bit and it's starting to crisp
and hold its shape like bacon prosciutto
will crisp up as it cools so I can see
from the color it's starting to take on
a slightly darker color and now even all
of that fat in a skillet I'm going to
add my mushrooms it looks like a lot of
mushrooms but they also shrink quite a
bit I want this over pretty high heat
because I want to immediately start to
brown the mushrooms I want to let them
cook more or less on disturb so they
start to take on color so it's only been
a minute or two and the mushrooms are
already shrinking quite a bit I didn't
add quite all of them to begin with
because I didn't want to crowd them too
much I want to avoid steaming which
would prevent browning so ingo the rest
and I'm not adding salt at this pace
because I don't want to draw out water
from the mushrooms before they take on
color the mushrooms are really nicely
browned and tender it's time to add two
medium chopped shallots and one teaspoon
of picked thyme leaves the goal here is
to let the shallot cook out and wait
till it gets translucent and now I'm
finally going to season so some freshly
ground pepper and some salt
now it's time to add one cup chicken
stock so at this point my feet is
basically on medium and I want to let
this simmer until there's just a very
thin layer of fat coating the bottom
while my sauce is reducing a bit I will
add the pasta this is dried pappardelle
which isn't always the easiest thing to
find very often you see it fresh I like
to clean dried pasta at home because it
gives you a chance to infuse the pasta
with the flavors of the sauce so all all
in at once and I'm going to finish
cooking the pasta in the sauce so I'm
going to under cook my pasta by several
minutes these noodles are about two
minutes out from being al dente and this
is what I want to transfer them into my
sauce and adding a cup of pasta water to
help finish it this is the stage where
you can be tasting every minute or so to
see the doneness of the noodle I think
we're about done I'm going to taste the
noodles to see yep I don't want to cook
them any more than this so now I'm going
to add the cream if you boil cream too
hard it can break so you'll get
something that looks a little bit greasy
and I don't want that I'm just going to
cook it enough until the sauce produces
slightly and all the noodles are coated
I'm going to crumble in half of the
prosciutto you can see it got really
crispy just crumbling this in my hands I
like having the crunchy component kind
of scattered throughout the pasta so you
get some in every bite so now I'm going
to kill the heat and this is something
else I do every time I cook pasta I
finish no matter what with a little bit
of butter the butter makes for a really
glossy luxurious pasta and it kind of
tightens up the sauce a little bit so
that it coats every bit of pasta
everything's done I'm going to plate it
over at the table
the sauce really benefits from like a
minute rest or so and then it just does
a better job putting all the noodles
more crumbled prosciutto on top and then
because we had some in the sauce already
for a final bit of brightness some fresh
thyme leaves it wouldn't hurt to give it
a final drizzle of olive oil there you
go it's dinner in about twenty minutes
everything happens in one pot and the
payoff is huge

Title - Claire Makes Linguine and Clams | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
the greening clams is one of my all-time
favorite dishes it's not a lot of
ingredients that comes together pretty
quickly but it's all about the technique
and the proportions so this is to me the
ultimate version of linguine and clams
okay the first thing I'm going to do is
make a garlic bread crumb mixture I'll
take a couple of garlic cloves these go
into the food processor I four ounces of
sourdough bread the crusts have been
removed and it's cut into half-inch
pieces same thing pulse until I find
crumbs I have a couple tablespoons of
oil that's heating up in the Dutch oven
and I add the bread crumbs and these
will just crisp and brown in the oil and
then I bring them back over here put
them back into this bowl so I will add a
little bit of salt to this and then a
little lemon zest just toss that all
around okay I have my remaining garlic
here we started off with twelve cloves and
I'm using a special tool to slice it
this is a mandolin so I have it on a
very thin setting I just want thin
shavings and same with garlic I've
really found that it's hard to add too
much parsley to the dish so now I'm
going to start to build the sauce for my
linguine and clams but I'm going to
bring over to the stove as well -
anchovies plus a half teaspoon of
crushed red pepper flakes so here's the
process I start to brown the garlic
cloves I dissolve the anchovies and kind
of cook the red pepper flakes into the
oil and then I stop the cooking with a
third of a cup of white wine I have two
pounds of profit Little Neck clams so
this will take about five minutes but
the smaller ones to open may be more
like seven minutes for the slightly
larger one so they're almost all open
some of them are so closed so I'll put
the lid back on and they'll go for
another minute or two because any
stubborn clams leftover that don't open
just get rid of them because they may be
went in not alive I'm gonna route
it's dead to me because it's dead all my
fans are out and to keep them warm I
cover them with a little foil now I'm
ready to cook the pasta so this is twelve
ounces of linguine I'm only cooking this
pasta for half the time recommended on
the package and that's because I wanted
to finish cooking in the Linkwood
release by the clams so it absorbs the
liquid and releases its starch into the
sauce what I'm going to do now before I
transfer the pasta is add a cup of the
cooking liquid to the sauce
I need that extra liquid for the pasta
to finish cooking pasta goes in and you
can really kind of see that the texture
of the sauce is changing starting the
sick enough and get really glossy back
on the board I have all the parts that I
chopped and also two tablespoons of
butter I think a good sign of properly
made linguine and clam so that there's
not a lot of liquid left in the pot
after you've played it another trick
that I love doing when I use breadcrumbs
is to fold some of them into the pasta
because it absorbs the sauce and clings
to the noodle and it creates this like
really lovely third texture in their
final snap you can't forget is to add
the clams back in now it's time to plate
it's noon so it's lunchtime the whole
Test Kitchen is ready to dig in
I'm so excited thank you for watching me
make one of my favorite dishes of all
time linguini and clam
[Music]

Title - Claire Makes Buffalo Wings | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I can't really call myself a hardcore
football fan I am a hardcore Friday
Night Lights fan and I've learned
everything I know about the game from
that show but I do appreciate a good
tailgate or Super Bowl party and today I
will show you how to make buffalo wings
which need to be on the table the first
step in this recipe is put together the
sauce for the wings and that is just a
combination of Franks red hot sauce two
tablespoons unsalted butter then for
extra heat half teaspoon of cayenne quarter
teaspoon of kosher salt and half teaspoon
of freshly ground black pepper ok now I
just want to stir this over low heat
until the butter melts and the mixture
is smooth and I will rewarm it again
before I toss it together here I have a
large Dutch oven which is our preferred
vessel for deep-frying and I want to get
it to three hundred seventy five for the wings give you to fry
in batches so once one batch comes out
I'll put it on the baking sheet and into
the oven so it stays warm this is three
pounds chicken wings
and then three quarters of a cup of cornstarch this
is the whole dredge and a little salt
and pepper as well and then just toss
them into the dredge and then a good
trick this isn't in the recipe but just
you can do at home if you have a
colander or some kind of a strainer to
shake off the excess cornstarch
and we are perfectly at three hundred seventy five which is
great
now we're crying one third at a time and this
will take about ten to twelve minutes until
they're crispy and golden and this looks
real
see the oil is bubbling rapidly an oil
is a tendency to drop right at the
beginning so I'll put the heat back
under it I need to babysit those too
much but I can go back and do it more
wigs half of those go in the second
batch
and now it's been just about twelve minutes
there's my timer I think they could go
maybe one more minute to get a little
more color but they're not bubbling as
vigorously so I know that they're crisp
and starting to turn golden so that's
what I'm looking for and as they're done
I'll just transfer them to the rim
baking sheet and now before I put in the
second batch I'll just transfer this to
the oven okay top Rex fine this is the
final batch these are about done right
before I take them out I will just put a
little bit of low heat under the sauce
to rewarm and now last batch looks good
[Music]
it didn't look like a lot of sauce in
the beginning but it's very concentrated
well everything is warm
given the nice sauce now these don't
need anything else
I think but of course you have your
dipping sauce we have the classic blue
cheese this is a sriracha hoisin and
ketchup mixture a little scallion on top
and a garlic herb yogurt dressing
whether you like football or not or your
team wins or loses we can all agree that
buffalo ink are a must-have at your
Super Bowl party to steering thanks for
watching
[Music]

Title - Claire Makes the Very Best Fried Chicken Sandwich | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
a lot of engineering goes into making
the ultimate fried chicken sandwich
we tested and tasted a lot of versions
so I will walk through the steps making
Bon Appetit best
the first step is to cure our chicken I
have boneless skinless chicken thighs
because those make the juiciest
sandwiches it's really just sort of
light sprinkling once these are seasoned
do they go in the fridge uncovered
overnight these chicken thighs were in
the fridge overnight and we are ready to
dredge the first step is to slightly
coat the flour to work it into all of
the crevices of the meat just next step
I cannot stress the importance of enough
it is working a little bit of the wet
the buttermilk mixture into the dry this
is what's going to give us a very very
crunchy thick coating I give the chicken
a dip into the buttermilk bath letting
some of that excess drip off it gets
sort of a corn flaky look from those
bits of flour and it's those pieces that
fry into little crispy nuggets
all right we've reached the crucial
stage in fried chicken sandwich making
we're ready to fry fry a home can be a
little bit scary so when you lay in your
chicken you want to lay it away from you
and not toward you so you don't splatter
oil now this chicken will take five to
eight minutes depending on how big the
thighs are so I'm just going to
periodically turn them over all of those
clumps of flour are now turning into
like delicious beautiful fried morsels
yeah I have a little bit of melted
butter and these go into a dry cast-iron
skillet just until golden brown I have
some shave iceberg lettuce
our seasoned mayo and a little bit of
pickle juice toss this together a
generous amount excusing the Mayo our
fried chicken goes down I hit this with
a healthy amount of hot sauce our slaw
and a few friends butter pickles this
really is the ultimate fried chicken
sandwich and hits at optimal levels of
salty crunchy fatty spicy tangy it
doesn't get any better

Title - Claire Makes The Smoothest Caramel | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
making caramel we rolling oh wait help
me my water where's my water can't see
my water
oh there it is bacon caramel is one of
those things that convinces me that
cooking is really magic does it take
something so simple sugar and makes it
something so complex and delicious I
start with regular granulated sugar it's
just one cup that goes into a heavy
bottomed high sided saucepan this is a
wet caramel which means I start with a
little bit of water and that helps get
all of the crystals dissolve the secret
ingredient is cream of tartar it changes
the molecular structure the sugar and
prevents crystallization now I'm going
to just assemble all of my other
ingredients for the sauce half a cup of
heavy cream four tablespoons of unsalted
butter and salt I want to get all of
these things ready now because once they
started to cook the caramel it's not the
kind of thing you want to walk away from
all of this gets moved to the stove
I'll keep this nearby get that heat
going and because I added some cream of
tartar I can actually store this caramel
all the way through making sure that all
of the sugar is dissolved in the
beginning as the mixture boils it's just
driving off all of the water so this
stage takes a little while and once it
starts to gain color that's when it goes
fast here I have a white plate and some
spoons so I can have a little more
control over the color
close it's hypnotizing me the bubbles
stare at it long enough taking on a hint
of color and I can also smell that it's
getting a little bit toasty and now
it'll go pretty quickly at this stage
I'm going to produce my flame a little
bit this is why I have everything ready
to go and so I can take this just to the
edge of burn I think I'm going to go
ahead and add the butter now I'm going
to reduce the heat you want to add the
cream slowly then just stir with a
spatula so it's mighty smooth the last
ingredient is a very generous amount of
kosher salt this is a teaspoon and I
think we are ready to take it off the
heat
so it's happy time to cool down a really
lovely consistency this is just
run-of-the-mill vanilla ice cream thanks
for making camel with me what are we
saying I hate the endings I'm going to
stop myself so I don't eat the rest of
it although I could and maybe I will
later but you do a little more

Title - Claire Ices the Perfect Cake | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I love making layer cakes almost as much
as I like eating this the right
a couple years ago I made a wedding cake
for a friend and I watched about a
thousand YouTube videos on the best tips
and tricks for building layered cakes
and that's what I'm going to show you
today I have two cools yellow butter
cake layers just really basic recipe
it's our bas best and then I have about
four cups of chocolate buttercream this
is my favorite frosting and this is
super room-temperature to make it very
easy to spread here I want to anchor the
first layer on to the base so I take my
favorite kitchen tool the small offset
spatula and just dab a little bit of
icing in a couple spots and now I reach
for my first layer I like to go upside
down because I have a super level
surface here and now with my parchment
just slide these pieces underneath I
start with maybe a cup maybe a little
less I'm just eyeballing it this is a
quart container so about a quarter of
this now with my small offset I use my
left hand to spread out the icing and
then with my right hand I spin the cake
stand so I can kind of get at it from
all angles now I'm ready for my second
layer gently lay it down kind of eyeball
it and just make sure that all the edges
are lined up at this stage we're ready
for something called the crumb coat a
crumb coat is a super thin layer of
icing that goes all the way around the
cake I'm going to use maybe a cup and a
half I want to save a good amount of
icing for the final layer and you don't
need a lot for this instead of stopping
right at the edge i press the icing all
the way out in a thin layer so that it
cascades down the side don't worry if
you see exposed cake on the sides that's
fine we're going to add another layer
the crumb coat is done and when I'm
really fast we're ready to chill it down
the icing is made of butter
and when butter is room temperature it's
off when it's cold it's hard so we want
to just get the top layer a little bit
hard so good
so I'm going to go big and dump it all
on top same basic technique I'm going to
rotate with one hand and spread with the
other I like to give every side of the
cake equal love so I just keep rotating
if you get a little bit on the base
that's okay we'll just pull the
parchment right off and now I'm at the
stage where I can just go in with my
spatula and create some decorations it's
really all in the wrist same thing down
the sides
so at some point is good to call it done
goes back on the fridge maybe thirty minutes
or so if you can wait that long I can
kind of tell from the icing a little
less shiny
nothing beats a lair take my favorite
thing to make any help this inspired you
to go home and try one of your own

Title - Claire Makes Four Easy Puff Pastry Recipes | Bon Appetit
one thing you can do that will make all
your friends think you're a pastry chef
are these jam and cream cheese pinions
dust it with a little bit of flour roll
it out to smooth the creases a bit trim
the edge of the pastry have a ruler here
just to help me make nice regular shape
this will make about six take a small
paring knife I make four cuts for the
center of the square from each corner
it's time to fill the pastries I'm going
to use a little offset spatula to spread
about a tablespoon of cream cheese the
very center of each square a little bit
of jam this is apricot jam you can use
raspberry or strawberry any kind you
have at home I'm going to doll up maybe
about two teaspoons into the center I
see toothpicks here I'm gonna break them
in half the two things will fold the
pastries in place as they bake we're
going to take half of each point and
fold it toward the center just make sure
you work from the same side of each
point so I'm going to start on the left
and fold half of the triangle into the
center so stack them one on top of the
other
and then secure the toothpick we're
going to brush it with a little bit of
egg beaten with a tablespoon of water I
only want to brush the flat sides of the
pastry not the cut sides these are ready
for the oven
they will bake for about fifteen or twenty
minutes at four hundred twenty five until golden brown they
came together so fast but they look
fancy enough to go in a pastry case
here I have a sheet of puff pastry that
I rolled out and cut into about five
inch squares
I want to dock the pastry which means I
pick it all over with the tines of a
fork had a little bit of creme fraiche
here thread a thin layer Center this
account has been massaged with a little
bit of olive oil and salt pan
I don't crack the egg in just yet I want
the sides to puff up and start to brown
so that I had a nice well for the egg
they go in four hundred twenty five for about ten minutes
these parts are half baked they're ready
for the egg these are ready to go back
in the oven for about ten or twelve minutes
just until the whites are set and the
yolks are running
these savoury pull apart rolls are one
of my favorite ways to use puff pastry
from nonstick cooking spray lightly
power my surface
just dust off any excess flour egg wash
finely grated Parmesan cheese everything
spice mix I want to cut the pastry to five
even strips lengthwise to stack one on
top of the other with the last piece and
turn it over so then the cheesy side is
facing in I divide these guys go in
upright so cut sides facing up I've just
an egg wash the sides only the flat
sides not the top which is the cut side
now into a four hundred twenty five degree oven until they're really
golden brown and puffy about twenty or twenty five
minutes I have some blueberries here
that I tossed with cornstarch some lemon
juice and some sugar I cut my puff
pastry into six equal rectangles start
with egg wash only going around the
edges my blueberry filling about two
tablespoons and I just concentrate a pie
local berries for one side I take one
side of the pastry and I just fold it
over the blueberries and press gently
around the seams to seal with my fingers
then I use the fork I'm going to dip it
in a little flour and really firmly
crimp all the way around the edge a
little more egg wash over the surface I
like to make three little slits look you
could do one large one this is raw sugar
these are ready for the freezer about ten
minutes and then into the oven until
puffed and golden

Title - Claire Makes Angel Food Cake | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
I'm on a mission to rescue angel food
cake from the kind of like a little bit
staid grandmotherly dessert that people
associate with being too sweet and kind
of spongy and really bring it back
because I think it's a wonderful dessert
with a really special texture and it's
such a nice canvas for like any seasonal
fruit that you have around so especially
for summertime with all the berries and
stone fruit I think it's a really nice
dessert to try if you have never made it
before
[Music]
[Applause]
so angel food cake many people probably
had it but I think it's most likely not
a recipe a lot of people have made
before because it does require a special
pan it requires a two pan which is what
this is what you want for this recipe is
an aluminum to pan like this you do not
want to use a nonstick to pan which I
don't really know why they make them now
angel food cake is a meringue based
sponge cake meringue means that it's
mixed a mixture of egg whites and sugar
so I have one in three-quarter cups
egg whites you'll have to crack between
like a dozen and fourteen large eggs to get
this mini egg white so you'll have a ton
of yolks left over one important tip is
you want to make sure the bowl of your
mixer is really clean but there's no fat
on it because that is going to make it
more difficult to whip a light meringue
we'll leave that there for now because
first I have to mix together my dry
ingredients I have cake flour so cake
flour is kind of the ticket here and I'm
going to just mix it together with some
powdered sugar and the powdered sugar is
like nice like stabilizing agent because
we want to make sure that the meringue
like retains all the air that we're
gonna whip into it it's always good to
sift cake flour because it can get
pretty lumpy and now I'm gonna bring I'm
gonna start mixing everything together
in the bowl I'm gonna start with my egg
whites now before I start whipping this
I'm going to add my cream of tartar and
it's an acid acids act as a stabilizer
for egg whites and a little bit of salt
the first thing you want to do when
you're beating egg whites is to mix them
on low just to kind of break up and
liquefy that mass of whites
so eventually these egg whites it's
going to be a dramatic transformation we
went from this like trends you know
clear liquid egg whites in the bowl I'm
gonna get this into a meringue that's
almost at the very top of the bowl so
I'm gonna increase the speed a little
bit now they're getting nice and foamy
and once I start to see some air worked
into the wipes I can see this nice white
foam I'm gonna start to add my
granulated sugar and I want to add this
very slowly I want to be able to see the
individual
Graeme's like cascading into the bowl if
I were to add all of this sugar at once
they would really overwhelm the meringue
and I would not be able to get the kind
of volume that I want so you know this
is a cake that does not have any
chemical leavener it doesn't have baking
powder it doesn't have baking soda all
of the lightness in this cake comes from
the air that I'm whipping into the
whites you can see that they have like
almost more than quadrupled in volume
okay so that's all the sugar now I want
to continue to beat this on high until I
get to the stage where the egg whites
are stiff glossy and make a firm peak so
I'm gonna show you exactly what that
looks like and now I'm at the stage
where the whites are all the way to the
very top of the whisk so I want to be
careful cuz it's easy to over beat at
this stage so at this stage also because
the volume of the bowl is so high
there's kind of a little bit of a dead
zone around the top of the whisk where
it doesn't quite get all of that egg
white so I want to just kind of mix it a
little bit by hand I'm gonna go a little
bit further so that is a droopy peak
we're close and at this stage it's again
very easy to overbeat if I were to beat
the egg whites too much they start to
have an almost curdled look like they
get kind of some texture and then it's
very hard to incorporate the dry
ingredients so one thing I also like to
do when I get a dead zone like this is
I'll lift up the whisk a little bit and
then you'll see it start to see the
marks with a whisk
it's when you have that ring of meringue
that's not being incorporated into in
the bowl that you can easily over be so
here we are this is a firm peak sound
like a bird beak
voici it's a dense foam this is what we
want now before I take the bowl out of
the mixer I'm gonna add a very small
amount of liquid in the form of vanilla
extract for flavor and two tablespoons
of lemon juice this has a couple of
purposes one the lemon juice in the
vanilla flavor the lemon juice adds a
tiny bit of acidity that I think
balances out the what can be a kind of
an overwhelming sweetness in the cake so
I remove the bowl from the mixer just so
I can sift my dry ingredients over top
I'm gonna do this in thirds so I'm just
sifting this is to eliminate any lumps
over the meringue and then I'm gonna let
the mixer do the work of like evenly
incorporating that the dry ingredients
into the meringue but the idea at this
point is still to mix it as little as
possible yes so I have my oven on three hundred twenty five
once you have all your ingredients
together the cake comes together
relatively quickly and you do want to
get it into the oven if you want to work
with someone on a speed because the idea
is to not let whites deflate too much
that is the last of the dry ingredients
I want to take the bowl out and fold
everything by hand several times with I
have a nice large flexible spatula I'm
looking for any pockets of dry
ingredients that haven't been
incorporated and I just want to make
sure everything is homogeneous and well
mixed and I'm using this folding
technique where you take sort of in
large strokes you scrape from the bottom
and fold over and that is a gentle way
of mixing so that I don't lose a lot of
the volume I'm only going to pour about
half of the batter in because something
that happens with angel food cake is
often these the batter is so light you
get like weird air pockets I were to go
in all at once the batter would kind of
fall onto itself and like trap air so
then I can use an offset spatula or a
spoon and I'm just trying to work the
batter around the base of the cake and
into those like right angles where the
bottom meets the sides both the two of
and the outer sides and this is to
eliminate air bubbles and I even like to
sort of work it up the sides and up the
tube
and it makes like a little bit of a
trough in the center but again this is I
found the best way to avoid big air
pockets another arrests are the batter
and I do pour it all around the pan if
you pour all the way onto one side then
it's hard to distribute the batter
evenly this is a really fun batter to
work with now I'm just using that same
small offset spatula to smooth it all
out and again trying to work it to avoid
air pockets and then I want to really
try my best to smooth it into a super
even level surface okay that looks good
I would say that looks good and then I
fussed with it for like another several
minutes okay into my three hundred twenty five oven
in thirty five to forty I'll check back I'm looking
for an even golden color
it'll be very pop they'll be a crack in
Electra Center or ring and will spring
back when I press down in the center so
all right
the cake is ready to come out and I'm
going to show you the best way to cool
it down
this angel food pan has these little
stilts which are designed for cooling
the cake so the cake has to be cooled
upside down there is so little structure
in the cake and it's so light and
there's so much air that if I were to
cool it upright it would collapse
underneath its own weight then it's very
tall sides so to cool it down it needs
to be upside down if your pan has these
little stilts you can just do it this
way but another good trick sometimes the
pan so sure the older ones don't have
these you can use a wine bottle and you
just thread the wine bottle neck through
the center hole but just like that now
the cake will not fall out because we do
not grease the sides so it's pretty
firmly in there and that's one of the
reason why you don't want to use a
nonstick pan use this light-colored
aluminum to pin because a nonstick pan
you risk the whole thing sliding out
which is happened to my mom before so
this will have to cool for at least two
hours like this so you want to be able
to touch the sides and have there be no
warmth or V coming from the cake so
after a couple hours I took the cake off
of the buck with a wine bottle and it's
just here but beforehand Molden I'm
gonna mix together my toppings I have a
bunch of berries here I have very
beautiful strawberries blackberries and
raspberries so I'm gonna let the berries
macerated but actually I'm going to do
strawberries and blackberries not
raspberries because those raspberries
don't tend to release a lot of juice and
they'll just kind of soften and get
mushy
I'm just gonna have them because you
have to really expose the flesh of the
fruit in order for the juices to release
and macerating fruit just means mixing
it with a little bit of sugar and the
sugar draws out the juices and then you
kind of get this beautiful syrup that
you can drizzle around the cake I always
think about my mom's angel food cake
that we would have like special
occasions
and I think that she would just make I
think she just likes thaw and sweetened
frozen strawberries it's so good just
remember it being like the most
delicious dessert plus whipped cream now
I'm gonna have some of the blackberries
as well and these are like to have
lengthwise like prettiest that way and I
always like to with macerated fruit it's
always nice to fold in a little bit of
fresh fruit at the end so you have a
combination of fruit that's a little bit
softer and juicier and then fruit that's
super fresh so I'm just gonna toss these
with maybe a tablespoon or two of sugar
just enough to lightly sweetened their
if you're using in season fruit it
should already be a little bit sweet you
can also do a tiny squeeze of lemon
juice which might be nice and that kind
of gets everything going but so I'm just
let these sit here and hang out and
eventually the juices will dry out thank
you just do just a little bit lemon and
sugar just kind of bring out the flavors
of the fruits I mean that you can let
this sit for as little as ten minutes as
long as a few hours so I have very cold
cream here I'm not gonna sweeten the
cream because angel food cake is already
a fairly sweet dessert the berries are
lightly sweetened so I like I always
like a desert where there's a contrast
between something sweet and not sweet
yeah the bowl is chilled a metal bowl
works well because it pulls down really
quickly you can whip cream in a mixer
that's fine the only thing about a mixer
is the cream goes from softly whipped to
over whip to really quickly so you want
to kind of sit there and watch it I have
no idea how people whipped meringue by
hand
I never did that by hand now it's
starting to thicken so I can be a bit
more vigorous with how I whip it you can
see I started to splatter a little bit I
also like to sometimes hold the bowl a
little lower down because I think I get
a better leverage with my arm so you're
not stirring cream you're whipping it so
the idea is to beat in air so you should
hear the whip hitting inside of the bowl
that's nicely that's softly whipped so
because the pan was ungreased I'm gonna
have to cut all the way around in order
to get the cake out so I have I like to
use a small offset spatula you could use
a butter knife that works too or a
paring knife pushing all the way down
and then doing kind of a sawing motion
while I rotate the pan so cutting all
the way around will allow me to pull the
inner part of the tube out
tip it yeah depending on your oven and
the heat conduction like I've made this
cake where it got much more golden
around the top and sides but this is
fully baked so as long as your your your
end point indicators are done like the
tester comes out clean and it's nice and
springy then you're done and now I want
to cut around the inner ring same way so
the final step is to cut around the
bottom between the cake and the base of
the tube so I'm applying a lot of
pressure downward so that I don't end up
cutting into the cake and then once you
do that the whole thing should lift off
relatively easily you can use like two
spatulas to lift it off but I think that
I can just actually turn the whole thing
over a little bit and then
turn the whole thing up right everything
I like about angel food cake has to do
with the texture it's just so pillowy
and so cloud-like and it's like a
literal sponge for other flavors we're
gonna plate so for angel food cake
anytime you have something that is very
airy and soft and easily compressed it's
a good idea to use a serrated knife so
you don't end up flattening the whole
thing it's just kind of little sawing
motions and I like a big piece of angel
food cake because I in my head and like
it's mostly air angel food cake was
definitely a thing in the nineties because
it's like fat-free which has nothing to
do with why I like it but it was like a
thing that we had a lot I think all
right so here's a look at the interior
it looks so good it's so uniform so like
there's a tight structure but it's just
so so light that you know there's like
almost like weightlessness for the slice
so so I would say a cake like this
generously feeds eight if nobody wants a
second slice so my favorite way to eat
angel food cake is the way I ate it
growing up which is with whipped cream
and berries so this is our really nice
softly whipped cream and I like to kind
of go right on top of it but actually
I'm gonna do berries first so first let
me just toss in a few of these
raspberries now I go berries first
because I want the direct contact with
the cake so that it can absorb some of
the juices because I cut really do like
this it's not really a flat surface
you're gonna roll they're gonna roll
right off but oh well you kind of
dribble the juices down yeah well I'm
gonna I'm gonna put whipped cream there
so I'll be fine
I love I really like this combination of
berries and then a super soft really
cloud like all of the cream is there
some pretty big pieces so I'm gonna ask
for some help
do you guys have been interested in
eating some angel food cake keeps
talking you just talk to the camera
no well loud you have a hard pass okay
sit here and eat the cake by myself it's
so good hi
maybe this angel food cake with very
much Claire
[Music]
like back in the day in the nineties when
sugar was fine and now it's the opposite
so thanks a lot
yeah that's coming back pushing Oh fat
is definitely back yeah there's
definitely sugar present but you're not
hit with it like it's definitely right
you don't need to like drink a glass of
water after you knows I destroy Thank
You Claire you're welcome
take that with I'm gonna take the rest
of this with me it's so fun just a cool
office isn't it I absolutely think it's
worth investing in a two pan just to
make angel food cake of course you can
do other things in it too but it's such
a wonderful relatively easy and quick
summer dessert but it really is when
made properly a dessert that with a
texture unlike anything else so I think
it's really special
I just think angel food cake is a
special dessert it's so light there's
really nothing else that quite has this
texture and I hope that we can kind of
bring it back from like maybe I just
think of it as a nineties dessert doesn't
anyone else think of it as that but it's
really fun to eat and also fun to make
so I hope you try it and take advantage
of some nice summer fruit scrambling
about hop what I like about it but
where's my body keeps it keeps for a
long time yeah there's nothing to be
afraid of sugar something to be afraid
of
[Music]

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Milky Way Bars | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
any tips have a positive attitude that
never works
yeah it doesn't having terrible attitude
and opener to complain a lot complain as
much as you can that's how my process so
that's the thing what's the secret
ingredient
oh just generally wine ad yeah yeah it
makes me feel better oh god sorry
apologize for the Victor hey everyone
I'm Claire we're in the VA Test Kitchen
and today I'm making gourmet Milky Way's
Milky Way's Milky Way
they're like floral love a lot of candy
is confusing
I know Milky Way has that like really
fluffy nougat it's been a while since
I've had one but you sometimes and
you're welcome to like a doctor's office
and they have like the little minis I
wouldn't turn one down but I know it's
nougat and caramel and chocolate
this says rich chocolate chewy caramel
smooth nougat
I think after having done Snickers and
Twix with those under my belt and it
seems that hard I think the hardest part
will be the texture of the nougat and
getting something so fluffy but in terms
of construction I think I think I'll be
okay I love the branding I have to say
excellent branding love the logo no font
well I didn't they call it Milky Way I
love I love a good candy bar it's so
pleasing in like the shape and
dimensions so it's got the little
stripes on top the textured base from
the conveyor belt the caramel pole is
impressive but I also remember feeling
like I kind of nailed the caramel on the
Snickers so I'm just gonna do the same
thing I did for that uh I'll probably
spend ninety percent of this episode working on
that nougat
it is unnaturally fluffy where did you
rank Milky Way and the Halloween candy
hierarchy I feel like it's in the middle
it's like the most middle yeah yeah
totally like I'd never be upset with it
right right high and I wished it was
something else totally you know I mean
like I remember it yeah I'm gonna try I
have a chart yet thoughts comments
concerns my first comment is my comment
about every single candy but I loved as
a kid which is it's like a toothache
eating sweet yeah other than that was
delicious it's very good it's the
texture of it I know I know I'm what is
that I think it's going to be virtually
impossible yeah I didn't get for
Snickers but that kind of was like the
of all the components the part that
turned out the least good already
oh I didn't forget Molly you want a
taste or no yeah no yeah how do you feel
about Milky Way
but altogether don't you think it
creates something that's sort of
pleasing no okay Chris not a fan this
particular yeah Abby's temper yeah yeah
yeah well I just wanted to say that I
think I'm at the point in gourmet makes
well I don't even care about temporary
chocolate anymore I'll do it or I won't
do it but it's like either way it's fine
with me it's here one of your favorites
Chris and I do not always see eye to eye
yeah yeah that's impressive
this is what you need to get yeah so
fluffy I don't understand is gonna great
chewy
yeah like candy yeah yeah yeah so I
don't really know okay I'm gonna take
your closer look and kind of take them
apart although there's not a whole lot
going on here but I'll just do some
quick measurements so of the full-size
Milky Way the length is about nine and a
half centimeters the height is about two
centimeters and the width is about three
and then for the mini it's definitely
not as tall it's really one inch by like
seven eigths and the height is about a half inch
I realized that I just went from
centimeters to inches but that's just
cuz it was more round numbers and inches
I'll trade you Milky Way for that
cauliflower wow it is a very pleasing
cross-section it's actually pretty
impressive from like an engineering
standpoint in the interior it's like I
would say three fifths nougat two fifths caramel and the
nougat you start to really see the
fluffiness of the texture it's just so
Airy it's like silly putty it's no good
the caramel is also strike impressively
adhered to the nougat so here's the
nougat layer it doesn't have a stretch
at all it just breaks apart it really
does not have a lot of flavor on its own
similar to Snickers one of the ways to
improve
to give the caramel a lot more flavor
here's what I think will happen I will
make something that resembles a milky
way but is more maybe feels like its own
thing rather than a faithful replication
of the original which is maybe okay you
know not every form a makes is the same
in that way so that's my guess
alright time for a bigger part reading
the ingredients milk chocolate this is
sugar cocoa butter and milk chocolate
lactose okay less it than artificial
flavors let's parenthesis corn syrup
sugar vegetable oil
Brenda sees hydrogen kernel oil and or
low spread the seeds gimel less than two percent
old fat local powder Isis with alkali
barley malt extract Oh salt egg white
chocolate artificial flavor not that bad
so cocoa powder which to me says that
might I might indicate that it's in the
nougat and then barley malt extract I
want to look that up because I'm not
sure what that does I'd really like to
see some videos about this nougat part
hi Brad hola I always read the Wikipedia
there are two variants the global Milky
Way bar which oh my god which was told
as three musketeers in the US and the US
version which is sold as the Mars bar
elsewhere I had no idea if that was the
case so this is interesting the name and
taste arrived from a then popular malted
drink malted milk drink of the day not
after the astronomical galaxy
fascinating I'm happy to hear that it's
malted because I love malted milk powder
and I'm excited to use that
[Music]
Oh Brad you're directing you're not
helping
camera one oh my god they have it thank
God but no this electic chocolate bar
spraying from a coffee drink right here
first up malt flavoring mixes with egg
whites and corn syrup check this out
yeah Brad where you been about two hours
ago
what's it exist that mega mister whips a
nougat into shape it's a mega mixer we
don't have that okay sorry
well I haven't learned that the nougat
should be firm enough that it can be
formed in a slab and then cut and same
with the caramel okay so the homemade
version I think I'm gonna start with the
nougat and once they do the nougat the
only other steps are the caramel which I
think I'm a pretty good grip on and
tempering the chocolate and putting them
together so it's kind of a three part
challenge I'm look back at my nougat
technique from Snickers and to that I
will add cocoa powder and malted milk
powder which were in the middle of
sourcing I hope are that written down
somewhere that rescue written down
somewhere
so I'm looking for Snickers I wouldn't
call them recipes but I have the
descriptions of how I make everything
most of them in this one Google Doc but
don't ask I don't know if it's a good
idea to actually use this nougat rest of
me because I forgot that it was peanut
nougat and I had honey in it so don't
really do this
I had such weird quantities the nougat
wasn't really very good and the Snickers
alright well let me at least gather my
ingredients while I think about this dad
can you hand me the butter that's in
that fridge down there I was not looking
up in time don't try to make me have fun
okay oh and eggs but don't please don't
throw those no down throwing my reflexes
are dulled very tired I just changed a
lot about it but I am using the Snickers
nougat as a base so I'm doing a a corn
syrup sugar mixture in the saucepan my
egg whites will go in here and then I
within butter at the end I guess I
should do a little cocoa powder as well
according to this recipe I want to cook
this sugar mixture to two hundred eighty Fahrenheit so
this is almost at two hundred eighty and about five
degrees shy so while this is continuing
to rise I want to come over here back to
the mixer and turn this on and throw a
pinch of salt in it so I'm gonna take
this over to the mixer
now I'm gonna stream it down the side of
the bowl we've gotta get a little hot so
I want to let this whip until it's room
temperature at which point I will add my
butter and cocoa powder
and while this is beating let me just
microwave the butter briefly so it's not
so cold
otherwise it won't incorporate into the
nougat maybe I need some kombucha Brad
have any bread
you got any kombucha I'm sorry what I
love that thank you
I need that this is lovely okay I'm
gonna have the butter now oh my god I
love really yeah oh my god like a three
musketeer in the freezer I'm making
Milky Way karma no I know I just why
didn't you get this excited before I
don't know if I had the opportunity to
oh well welcome do you want to try one
no okay how do you rank Halloween candy
I really like anything go in the
freezing water fingers go straight
and buttercup Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
smashes we're on the same page about
candy my sister is also see you up and
take your candy beat me up I want you to
keep telling this is not working
[Laughter]
let me just spread the nougat onto this
parchment paper but I think that it's
basically never gonna set I don't know I
did something wrong
the proportions are off or the
temperature is off Wow well no we look
at what you decided I said look at the
colors know that the color is kind of
the same clothes close enough but the
trick is gonna be the texture I know
that's gonna be the hard part
oh it's almost like it tastes really
good
there's it mm-hmm more senility yeah but
that's what it is for me okay I don't
know what you want for me I think it's
pretty good all right so what's the game
plan it's gonna make it again that's it
so I'm gonna make a nougat again and I'm
gonna do a Brad and I discussed so cook
the sugar hotter less butter oh yeah
more chocolate
all right this looks better than before
I think less soupy does this look
thicker than before it does right Wow
tastes good just kind of tastes like the
inside of the Milky Way the main
question is if it sets I'll check it in
five minutes or so this nougat is more
set than the last version so it's headed
in the right direction but it's still
really soft and still a little bit
sticky so I think I'll just keep making
those changes maybe a little bit more
sugar maybe cook a little bit hotter and
see where that gets me and now we also
have some malted milk powder so I want
to add that flavor in just just see how
that balances with everything else can
you pour it in too fast and there's like
a hunk of sugar in there take a look at
what's happening just take a huge hunk
of hot sugar I hate when that happens
and it's like the whole batch is like
wasted now I'm adding the cocoa and
multiple powder
I mean a huge amount of sugar didn't
make its way into this mixture so it's
not really gonna set I think the texture
looks similar to the second batch but
there was a lot of sugar that didn't get
worked in so maybe it was gonna be
perfect but then I screwed it up I'm
just gonna try one more version more
sugar more corn syrup nothing
[Music]
come at it a little bit at a time
Spitzer is dying for our eyes faster
well this is a very thick nougat all
right I think we're done I don't think
that this mixer can take a lot more of
this I would say that this is a much
stiffer nougat so that's good
that's what I was going for yeah this is
I mean it's much firmer don't say I'm
gonna taste good
thank raised looking one thing about
that knew that in the milky way is that
it doesn't really do well I guess this
isn't really doing it doesn't have much
of a stretch like this it just kind of
pulls apart so stuff is so sticky I'm
gonna cover the top of this with a
grease piece of parchment so I can press
down and try to get it into an even
layer before it fully sets we'll come
back tomorrow so I want to check how
that's set overnight I feel like I'm I
think I got this I think I'm gonna make
it today I want to cut off a piece and
taste it ooh
I was very Airy it has a really nice
texture you guys I think I think I did
it I think this is it
you guys it's really good and light I
want you to try it
that I hate a corner it's a huh
yummy good it's so light and airy Chris
and Gabi wouldn't lie but I think I will
try one more version where I add a
little bit more cocoa a little bit more
malted milk powder I think I want to
make it the way that they make it in the
Milky Way Factory which is put together
the nougat and the caramel and a slab
and cut it into bars and then coat it in
chocolate I really would like to get it
into a single slab filling the whole
area of the quarter sheet just to make
it easy to form then my idea is to make
the caramel and pour the caramel same
thing evenly over the slab chill it cut
it in Rove it go home
okay done how are you house spirits
better okay good sleep no oh I'm
exhausted I just in the last fifteen-twenty
minutes
lining this quarter sheet tray very
carefully with parchment paper and I
also brought in the big gun mixer
because the other mixer was struggling a
little bit yesterday that they have a
mega mixer that has something eight hundred pins
or something that whips it I'm not
feeling too confident about that step
and I'm doing a slightly larger volume
of mucus I'm actually gonna double the
cocoa and I'm also going to double he
met a malted milk powder oh my god you
guys this is really bad this is a
disaster it's not gonna work
oh you guys that sugar blob thing
happened I got distracted and I wasn't
paying attention to the sugar and it
spiked and then I panicked and then I
poured it in too fast
and then I had this happen so I just
need you this sugar solution in the egg
whites again I know what you're thinking
I don't appreciate it
it's not a curse and a very very slowly
for the width is a lot closer to the
bowl so I have to pour really really
carefully well it is literally playing
hot sugar at me and my arms are getting
tired I put them gripping this pot
really in a weird way and very tightly
and here it's struggling a little bit I
don't think it's slowing down though oh
no it's not this isn't like it's
incorporating Jan this is gonna be one
of those times we're gonna get really
mad if you if I screw it up and then you
asked me to explain how I screwed it up
it might not be good but it might be
fine I just think that it seems like a
much lower volume than I had yesterday
even though I increased the volume of
the ingredients which is strange the
dimensions of this mixer aren't really
not well suited for nougat this is wrong
seems wrong I don't know what's
happening there's no way that this is
the same amount of volume that's more
than this this is definitely less this
is not right I can't tell if it's right
or wrong all right I think the thickness
looks good I just tasted a little bit
the flavor is good if this sets into the
texture that is similar to this I can
work with this I feel good about it it
just didn't quite do that thing that I
wanted it to do where I can just fill
the entire pan I'm gonna make the
caramel now and I'm using the exact same
caramel from the Snickers episode
because I remember really liking the way
that that caramel did that stretch and
I'm just gonna follow the recipe as I
wrote it Oh any adorn you ever do that
thing we put in the door I'll show you
my grandma taught me this trick wait we
did it wrong wait I did it once this is
a bad dog
see now it's gonna work the other way oh
yeah yeah
that's embarrassing all right okay
[Music]
all right so I'm slitting a vanilla bean
truly the fattest juiciest vanilla bean
I've ever used
so I'm gonna let this cool and I'll come
back and check it in a little while I
also want to check how the latest
version of nougat is setting and then
I'll combine them it's all separated
it's like the butter the dairy fat has
has separated and the emulsion is broke
I think the pop was the wrong shape I
blame the pot I'm excited to see the
nougat do you want to try it
heck yeah it's pretty soft too soft no
don't say that you see that yeah the
poles
Brad it's gone why drive over here I
could have just pretended like it was
fine I'm sorry I'll stop coming on I
can't
it's okay flavors beautiful is it good
color is great but I knew it wasn't
right cuz look at this one and then look
please let's try that it this is the
earlier version is that better lot less
pull the nougat didn't work this is a
mixer I know this that was supposed to
be this but with more cocoa yeah and it
didn't really work nice any more like
yerba mate a you do one you're gonna
give it to me I will share it I made I
made this one after I have the yerba
mate a you see I think I helped of
course it did it's like a superfood yeah
I'll go get the tea thanks Brad this
episode feels particularly cursed my
only idea for how to save this caramel
is to rewarm it gently which is why I
have it on a double boiler and to whisk
a little water in to try to emulsify
back in all the butter I just gonna let
this sit here for a few minutes so
lovely thank you right I'm waiting to go
to the airport going Texas I'll be fun
oh yeah perfect amount Oh - so generous
pour here cheers Cheers
thing look the camera in the eyes mmm so
where we are this is delightful
um I'm trying to whisk some water into
this caramel to bring it back you think
it's gonna work no why not Chris do you
think it's gonna work
okay you're both helping so I'm trying
to reheat it no it's not
fubar fubar is from what movie oh yes
Saving Private Ryan thank you Chris how
do I asked Brad to leave believes that
bought a machine give you twelve pins in
your fingers
he received Priya no let me I have not
do that yeah she can do it very well I
can't do it
well I feel like it looks like it's
getting better
so like the agitation is bringing the
caramel fat like it looks smoother and
really nice show Brad it looks great it
does ok let's roll with it let's go
start pouring yeah
optimism only ok yeah I'm optimistic oh
all right but I stopped to meet the new
good again all right I'm gonna put this
in a quart container thanks Brad
have fun thank you so I'm just gonna
store the caramel in this container and
then I can reheat it and pour it on the
nougat when I'm ready I'm gonna cover it
I do kind of want to try melting the
nougat and Andry whipping it and see if
that works so I am taking this whole
mixture and I want to basically do to
this one into the caramel which is warm
it in the double boiler and then whip it
again this does not sound good
this is struggling quite a bit this is
what we got here I really don't know
Nathan again I'm just gonna use this
rota I have a question this is the
nougat I made yesterday I think it's
really good
everyone thinks it's great and then I
try to make another version where I like
made it even better but then it turned
out disastrous then okay yeah okay if
you like it right is that cheating I was
just measuring these dimensions if I
fill this and I cut it into lengthwise
into thirds and then crosswise in half I
get six bars that are exactly the
dimensions of the Milky Way
[Music]
I fit but new get into the pan I know
I'm gonna add some of my caramel oh god
like I think I'm like oh god that was
those three times too much the caramel
heiress maybe a millimeter or two thick
but I can live with that let me get this
in the fridge so we can set today it's
gonna really good day
I mean basically no progress it's like
two steps forward one step backward all
day it seems like there's the chill of
pan thank you all right so the caramel
has had a chance to set it just needs to
be sliceable so that I can cut these
into the bar shapes alright I cut in
half it's working better than I thought
so sort of feeling like maybe there's
some good energy returning like that's a
nice looking cross-section different
colors but oh well you know what I don't
think I want to cut anymore I think I've
portion them out nicely and I want to
chill them again and then I can go in
when they're colder and reform so back
into the fridge I never felt like any
particular day was cursed until today
but uh not much went right today oh well
a little bit I could I save the caramel
and combining the two into a single
layer and a love fan works pretty well
but I don't know today I smell it once
they had one of these days where I just
swung my wheels a lot so I had a
realization over the weekend which is
that in like a moment of horror and I
forgot to put plastic unless someone put
plastic over it no no one covered it
look at what happened
I knew this was gonna happen Oh it's
like all sticky my greatest fear has
come true
so annoying after no I can't even say it
say it it's very clear with and wishes
that they're ruined just gonna sit here
I don't want to make this again
he sat for two whole days over the
weekend the sugar pulled all the
moisture from the fridge because it
wasn't covered it ran and softened and
now it's unusable and I have to start
over unless there might be some caramel
after there that's probably enough who
labeled this exposed caramel run but I
have to make more nougat and I had to
temper the chocolate so annoyed
the mixer is on its last leg so he only
had a half speed which means I'm not
working as much Aaron to the nougat
all right it's just really set all right
so here's my new get it does seem very
fluffy I think that that that tearing is
nice it doesn't so sort of do that
stretch and if I taste more Coca weed
which I'm happy about
I do think that this version seems like
the best version yet and while this is
setting I'm gonna set up my chocolate
tempering using the sous-vide method
tempered chocolate is chocolate that's
been heated and cooled to certain
temperatures so that the like molecules
form a crystal structure and it gives it
sort of snap and shine when it's room
temperature with the sous-vide method
where I submerge the chocolate in vacuum
sealed bags it's actually pretty easy
and it kind of does it for me so at this
point in the history of gourmet makes I
don't not too bothered by tempering
chocolate anymore here's my nougat it
does seem firmer than the third version
the version I like best okay it's pretty
light but it's a little chewier than
before a little firmer than before it's
definitely coca we've putting together
that same setup and I did on Friday with
with the nougat and they'd caramel on
top and I'm hoping that I have enough
caramel to fill those loaf pans because
I know that I have enough new good
and I'm going to put it in the fridge so
that it can firm up and then I can cut
them that was closed in two actually
let's leave one in the fridge and we'll
do one at a time don't leave it leave it
what I did before was I trimmed all the
sides and then I cut it into thirds
lengthwise and in half crosswise so
that's what I'm gonna do again these are
going to be enormous Milky Way alright
here are my minis and I'm going to keep
these in the fridge while I cut the
second and I'm gonna try to make more
full-size Milky Way this time the
chocolate should be tempered
theoretically so my plan is to coat
these in two steps the first step is
just to coat the bottoms actually
because it's I think it's easier to
start to in rope with the bottoms
already coated then what I'll do is I'll
trim off the excess chocolate put them
on a rack and in rope so I'm gonna just
grab one of the bags of chocolate I yeah
I've got a lot of concerns about this
process but I've done it a few times so
I at least sort of think I know what the
oh no oh just realize something
I didn't seal the piping bag and so now
that chocolate has melted outside of the
bag and into the second bag you know
what I should do is I'm just gonna pipe
it out of here that's the best idea just
because it is so messy but I oughta work
quickly because it is going to start to
set up its resting on its own pool of
chocolate and then it'll set and I'll
trim off the excess
[Music]
it looks tempered although who could
really say I'm really irritated about
this drooping caramel alright here's my
plan I'm using a bench scraper to trim
off the excess chocolate and that's the
bottom it's cold so you can't really
tell but that's part of my plan
oh just just get it cold yeah I get that
yeah you do you just cross back over to
the thing that just tempered yeah this
is the best I've ever coated the Bubb
the bottoms of something though look at
how good it looks
you know what I want to do I want to
work in the walk-in because I want to
take a scissors and trim off the
overhanging caramel it should really be
cold as they do it but I don't want to
let it chill I'm just trimming off
all that overhead it's pretty chilly to
cool forty one degrees eventually I will start
to get uncomfortable Gabby has a coat
that she wears in here until she's smart
you don't have to stand in here I'll
I'll be here although you know what I've
done send help if I clawed for more than
thirty minutes
cold cold cold in there I'm gonna rope
quickly and tap them on the counter so
that the chocolate kind of cascades down
and around I'll tell you one thing I do
not have enough chocolate
should I do one more bar with what I
have left because I don't have a lot
yeah I'm completely out of chocolate but
this you only feel like isn't that bad I
think this is the best in roving I've
ever done most things I screwed it up a
lot of other times I would say low yield
high quality I guess let's just chill
these until they're set fully and then
we'll taste this one has peplum it was
the last one I did so who knows what was
going on you said yeah but they were set
before I put them in the fridge they
were set and they were shiny and they
just need to warm up a tiny bit yeah
yeah yeah eating humble pie whatever
yeah you know or it's for all like I'm
pretty happy with how they turned out I
think they look really good and I do
think the chocolate is tempered oh my
god how good is it look here I'll try
I'll try it with you looks delicious
it's not look good when we do the side
by side real quick I only need one third about
that Chris having a third of a half of a
mini whenever I give you savory food oh
my god you like eat like the tiniest
little corner it's not true at all ok
ready
I like to start with the things that I
don't like about it oh really
I just wish the nougat were softer
really mm-hmm but it's not as hard
sticking your teeth as I hard sticky to
it out like taffy it's got a little bit
of chew to it huh doesn't quite have
that like aerated weird right
foamy kind of spongy quality all right
firstly I couldn't really taste the
caramel no it kind of came in is so good
I think this nougat is like it's like
better than its super ah thanks
I've never had anything quite like that
yeah this kind of makes me like nougat I
do have questions about the temper on
the chocolate but like what kind of
questions like how would you temper it
so well like what's your trick it feel
like there's like a little bit of like
flex to it but it might be partially
tempered okay but it's not not temporary
no it's not not sometimes good enough is
good enough
totally and you know what like this is
its own go it doesn't live in and it's
like it's a greater galaxy than the
Milky Way galaxy right is that a thing I
don't know
our galaxy's different sizes and they
must be I'm getting I'm getting a yes
yeah isn't the Milky Way a small galaxy
I'm getting a yes wait is this yours
oh my god that looks pretty good right
it looks amazing it looks ten times
better told me to go up there Wow I'm
very pleased
with that that broke off pretty well you
kind of got like a clean bite see that's
the hard part a newbie wants to stretch
along with it yeah yeah the chocolate is
melted in my hands either so they're
stretching together yeah didn't I know
it's so good hey I will take one of
these candy bars yeah my fingers here
take that you're welcome melts in your
mouth
thank you thanks for trying I'm glad I'm
glad enjoy having always appreciates you
know this one is rough
I guess self-contained it wasn't that
bad but considering I project onto it
all this circle I have a tempering
chocolate and making nougat and
construction and enrobing from all the
previous score may make so it's not the
Milky Way's fault
but I did get upset about it I do think
it turned out really well and caramel
texture is great definitely got better
in roving so I would consider this one
progress Milky Way is a check in the
victory column I would say I don't know
should be smudge should be smudge you
know with like this age I'll come in
with a with a smudge stick and what will
smudge before the next one I think
that's actually a really good idea
here's how you make gourmet milky ways
to make the nougat place two large egg
whites in the bowl of a stand mixer in a
small saucepan combine three hundred fifty grams sugar
one hundred fifty grams of corn syrup and fifty grams of
water cook over medium storing two
dissolved sugar
bring to a boil stop stirring and cook
swirling the pot and washing down the
sides of the pastry brush until the
mixture kids two hundred eighty five Fahrenheit well the
fear of is cooking beat the egg whites
and a pinch of salt with the whisk
attachment until soft peaks when the
syrup is temp slowly stream as the egg
whites beat until the nougat is light
airy and very stiff then beat me for
teaspoons malted milk powder one
tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder thirty
grams unsalted butter cut into pieces
scrape the nougat onto a sheet of
greased parchment and allow it to set
for the caramel
one and a half cups sugar quarter cup corn
syrup and quarter cup water in a medium
saucepan and stir over medium heat
dissolve bring to a boil and cook
swirling pot and washing down sides with
a wet pastry brush until the mixture
turns a deep amber Solis cream in one
cup plus two tablespoons heavy cream
stirring at taking care of because
mixture will sputter followed by five
tablespoons unsalted butter and
scrapings from half of the Nemean stir
until the mixture is smooth and placed
back over medium heat and clip a candy
thermometer to the side cook until the
mixture reaches two hundred fifty degrees Fahrenheit
then pour the caramel into a bowl
without scraping the bottom or sides
roll and cut the cooled nougat so it
fits snugly inside a large parchment
lined greased loaf pan to a depth of
about seven millimeters for the stove warm
caramel over top so it forms a thinner
layer on top of the nougat chill until
set then remove and slice with a sharp
knife into bars to temper chocolate
using the sous-vide method vacuum sealed
disks of dark chocolate in a plastic bag
submerge in a water bath with an
immersion circulators that do one hundred fifteen
Fahrenheit and let's sit until
completely melted add ice to the bath
and drop the temperature of the bath to
eight four Fahrenheit make sure all the
chocolate has reached the lower
temperature then increase the
temperature to ninety Fahrenheit agitating
the chocolate by massaging the bag as an
eats use the tempered chocolate to coat
the bottom to the bars placing them on a
chilled parchment lined baking sheet
chill until set the trim away any excess
chocolate transfer the forest to a wire
racks that over a baking sheet in a robe
with more chocolate chill until set
[Music]
yeah we're in for a real treat now we'll
tell you what oh my god here have them
no I'm good I don't I like we really
don't want it Andy you want a little
piece of um Northeast what
Morocco what you for all you people I
got it I've got the airport

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Mentos | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
he's dead always quiet ones better watch
they kind of look like alien spaceships
from War of the Worlds hey everyone I'm
Claire we were in the VI Test Kitchen
and today I'm making gourmet Mentos I
[Music]
always looked at Mentos as a candy and
not as a breath mint although I know
people actually do use them as breath
mints because mint is the original but I
always really liked the fruit ones I do
not know that there were so many
different flavors fruit seems classic
mint seems classic but there's so many
different ones green apple home they're
just what it says cinnamon there's an
all strawberry one lemonade one emoticon
on each draw a kind open these oh wow -
it's a little drip above the eye sweat I
don't understand what any of these
emotions are I like I'm it's not a thing
like a motion blind or something what is
this okay let's take a poll what is this
emotion this is like off of lemon juice
is about to get in your eye and you're
like I'm sure that's what it is my taste
line I mean oh you're not great I like
my coche I do like the texture I just
like how they start off really hard kind
of softened they become very chewy like
look the shell is actually pretty thick
and then the inside is almost a little
fluffy yeah weird actually looks like
the inside of the skin yeah I was just
gonna say this is basically the skittles
episode with a thicker shell with a
thicker show one check in the plus
column for mint is that they're all
white I don't have to deal with the food
coloring aspect of it it's not an overly
aggressive mint flavor Chris yeah I
offer you a breath mint right yeah I
know Chris you can't do the thing your
normal thing where you like take their
teeny tiny bite it's quite
on it yeah Delaney pointed out it's a
very hard candy shell which is always
present a challenge I enjoy that like
tappy like texture in all candies like
that like Mentos pie choose like
anything that has that kind of pull
equality yeah but then on top of that
you chose making those so now I want to
take a closer look because it seems like
maybe there's something going on there
in the middle underneath the candy shell
they're all very uniform diameter is one
point nine centimeters point nine
centimeters thick it is really quite
firm there is sort of a fluffiness
meaning kind of an aerated quality to
the interior maybe there's some gelatin
in it all right
I've concluded that Mentos are a bigger
version of skittles there is a candy
center that's chewy and then there is a
sugar coating on the outside that's hard
so I can use a lot of the learning from
the skittles episode and apply it here
okay time for my favorite part reading
the ingredients sugar wheat syrup
coconut oil starch cocoa butter natural
flavor also Dexter sucrose fatty acid
esters Ellen gonna bow out iam
carboxymethyl cellulose some erratic
it's a lot of weird stuff and it's in
these Mentos I mean it's interesting I
don't know what weed syrup is and that's
the second ingredient so there's a high
proportion of it the coconut oil is
interesting
alright I think we got to go do some
research so I can look into some of
these ingredients and also hopefully
find some good stuff on YouTube the
first thing that comes up is Mentos and
Coke should we watch videos of that I
think we should steve Spangler Science I
love it if we want is anyway yep and
we're just going
- it's the Mintos page why don't have to
be sixteen years older oh wait this is why
dropping a mentos into a bottle of soda
recreate a reaction the reaction occurs
because of the simple rule of physics
it's not a chemical reaction soda
fizzy drinks contain a certain amount of
co two dissolved in water in the form of
blah blah blah it's a combination
basically the answer to this
I'll just condense what this paragraph
is saying that it makes it fizzy is what
this is saying I found out very little
about how Mentos are made I'm mostly
taking skittles as a jumping-off point
so I want to go look up that recipe and
then started to kind of gather my
ingredients can we talk about the game
we were playing at lunch okay
so we played this game which I haven't
played since I was probably in day camp
as a elementary school student where
instead of a coin we were using a Mentos
I'm putting on the edge of the table and
trying to get it to hang over the
opposite edge by with three tries of
pushing it but we learned something
because they kept falling on the floor
they shatter and they break off kind of
like glass or hard crack sugar when I
rub it like this I do start to get a
little bit of like an oiliness so I know
that that's sort of like the coconut oil
there's coconut oil mixed in with that
sugar I do think it's a hard crack sugar
that's basically mounted with oil
cornstarch and maybe some gelatin and I
think that's it and then that was really
useful so us playing that game really
helped me on this for me except aside
this coating is going to be royal icing
because I've done many versions thus far
of a candy shell and I've really not had
a lot of success we all know what
happened with M and Ms I don't want to think
about it
[Music]
so I think the best way to get candy
coating this then and this opaque white
is just to do royal icing there's really
only two main things to tackle the
interior that all flavor with some mint
oil or peppermint extract and the candy
shell on the outside so here's the
process for the filling I'm cooking
sugar or in syrup salt and water in the
saucepan to hard crack sugar stage then
I'm mixing in coconut oil cornstarch
some softened gelatin and peppermint oil
stir it together or let it set that's
really it
it's a complete guess who knows but it
could be perfect I want to see if by
pulling it I get just a softer texture
overall because I'm working air into it
something that's just more malleable and
fluffy here are that my two tests the
same mixture this side I pulled the
sugar until it became opaque and then
this that I just like cool I think if I
adjust the amount of coconut oil and the
amount of gelatin I'll get something a
lot firmer and I do think that pulling
it is a good idea because I want
something opaque with a little bit of
aeration in it just like this you could
use more peppermint there is kind of a
starchiness that's not very pleasant so
I think I need to dial down the
cornstarch as well but it's a good
starting point and I know what I'm gonna
change in round two we're gonna pretend
like an hour didn't just pass when I was
in a meeting and I'm going to make the
second batch second I can't really do it
with my right hand because my right hand
is doesn't work
[Laughter]
it's hard it's a guy I mean just say I'm
a left-handed and it's ninety nine percent left hand and
one percent right hand I can't really like make
like I can't really like number you know
like like three can you do can you do it
evenly on both hands my right hand is
just like very tight and my left hand
that's like I can
anything it's like Gumby likes your left
hands like a superhero yeah my right
handed right it's useless leave my home
yeah oh okay
car you know it's really funny we get
paid to do this I know they're gonna
yell at me a bit I get three chances
what you get three tries
you get three pushes okay dunno it kind
of reminds me of sorry Wow okay that was
your fault because you asked so I need
to come over and talk to me about my
weird clock sorry I have to focus I
really did waste a lot of time for round
two I'm going to decrease the coconut
oil decrease the cornstarch decrease the
gelatin and increase the peppermint it's
really not coming together same way it
did maybe it's the lack of cornstarch
hard to say it's really hot still and it
kind of hurts oh and now it's starting
to harden which is a bad sign so my toes
didn't help it's becoming more difficult
to pull all right I think we're done
I think it's not gonna work this is
still hot it's still warm but I'm
calling it it's going to harden into a
rock all right I think I know what went
wrong here and I overcook this sugar I
think that because they kind of peaked
at two hundred ninety to get at three hundred I turned the heat
up to high and then it went over as it
was sitting here maybe I backed off too
far on that coconut oil and cornstarch
and gelatin maybe it is untrue able the
flavor is good I think this I like this
amount of peppermint I do need something
in between here and here so I think I'll
add back in maybe a little bit of
gelatin and a little bit of coconut oil
and I'm also going to be more careful
but about not spiking the sugar at the
end of the cooking process I have a
feeling that's mostly what happened here
so I'm just gonna keep going I'm gonna
having so many strawberry slush bags and
it's terrible all right
I feel good about these first two tests
that I did today for that interior I
guess tomorrow my goal will be to get to
a good place with the filling and also
maybe tackle forming and then all that
will be left is candy coating and then
possibly iterating on further flavors
that's it today is day two I think I got
off to a good start at the end of the
day yesterday but Chris and Gabi are
here because we're gonna have a little
fun before I have to get back to work
we're going to put some Mentos and some
Diet Coke fun isn't work work isn't fun
girls that's what you're saying no like
I didn't know that that was the thing
really yeah they wanted us to go outside
but I don't really want to go outside
because it's humid so I'm gonna go
outside either I think we should sue the
dish pit
don't suffocate yourself yeah alright is
it lined up alright ready yes Oh God do
you want me to pull it out here I'll
hold it is it lined up it looks lined up
yeah food is okay you pull it you can do
it okay thanks
we need like thirty yeah we do it again okay
we're adding a lot more okay ready
yes Gabi want to count it one two I
think we should try that again we need a
test soon okay the new plan is use a
straighter more slippery tube so that
they all drop in simultaneously oh yeah
should we do a double tube I think
that's gonna I think that's such a great
idea okay okay so we think what's I
supposed to do just like protect the
face okay ready
yes Gabi counted one two
[Music]
oh my god it does work I did pull muscle
you guys in my next test I recommend
elite wears down Oh guys guys guys
that's definitely the most fun I've ever
had in gourmet makes even though I made
a huge mess and I pulled a muscle
[Music]
that experience is going to get me
through the rest of this episode the
best part of Mentos is that they do that
with diet coke
so my new goal is not so much about
nailing the flavor texture it's getting
something that does that same thing with
diet coke alright let's just take a look
at what I did yesterday these are the
two tests I got through this guy
hardened oh scare myself I'm so overly
company I haven't eaten anything today
so that really scared me for the third
tribe I want to do something in between
so that those are pretty easy changes
this time adding pack a little bit of
the coconut oil and gelatin so that's
what I'm going to try this time I'm
going to cook it to the same temperature
but be more careful about the level of
heat that I have
what are you thinking about
I was thinking about thinking about
starbursts
and how this is how bad that was so now
I'm just pulling this just like I did
before in previous episodes and
yesterday alright this looks nice this
it's pretty soft and satiny I feel
pretty good about this texture high
hopes
it's very firm
it starts out really really hard and
then it softens taste really good tell
me if you think this is the texture of
mentos it's too hard yeah I knew it was
too hard but it's close right I think to
get it softer I add more cornstarch and
maybe a little more gelatin I think I do
want to try another test with those
changes I just said but first I think it
would be useful to use the third batch
as a test for seeing how I'm gonna form
them Chris what's that thing called the
metal the metal grinder thing the router
angle grinder no what's the thing that
we got for Rocco the dremel tool the
dremel tool I think they need to use the
dremel tool because here's my here's my
thing what's up I have to make a mold
for these right and it's like it's close
but they're too deep so I think I have
to drill you have to shave off some of
the metal is that that idea no nothing's
great idea but it sounds like maybe it's
a job for the angle grinder
[Music]
angle grinder it's not something like
it's a it's a it's not a scalpel it's a
hammer you know so we're trying to just
shave down the metal so that the depth
only really goes to like maybe there
it's a lot of metal though we need to
make this mold blush so that like the
two sides like actually meet you know we
don't want there to be a gap no gap no
gap it's very close
well would Brad same tighter in the
frog's ass is the crabs ass watertight
thank you Chris so much right the first
thing I do is clean up all the metal
shards from this table here my angle
ground teaspoon measures all demo with
the failed batches but basically here's
the idea
this is a really bad example because
they're not gonna be able to get it out
of the mold you get when I'm you get it
I could probably make something like
this just by hand free form okay so the
weight of the Mentos with the coating is
two point eight the weight of this one is one point seven one point eight so
there's a full gram difference and I
don't think that the coating itself is
gonna weigh that much so basically the
mold that was your spent fifteen minutes
angle grinding is two so I'm going to
think about this and clean up maybe I
you know I don't really want to make
them by hand I need to figure out you
just think about the mold find something
better too big yeah making this is the
fourth batch and I'm still tweaking
those levels of coconut oil and
cornstarch and gelatin to get the
softness I want so this time I'm
increasing coconut oil ten grams more
coconut oil that's twenty five grams pornstar the
gelatin I'm also increasing it feels too
soft it also is weirdly kind of
marshmallowy and I think that's because
of the amount of gelatin for this
version I'm doing everything the same
but taking the gelatin down
oh I hate to sell in gelatin like that
something happened it crystallized see
how see how crumbly it is I don't I
don't really know why it happened I just
let's just go home
it's so much more fun to put Mentos and
Diet Coke than it is to make Mentos I
was gonna go home and think about what I
was gonna do today but then I thought
about other stuff and forgot I still
think that I need to think about molds
and what am I gonna do
what is this shape you guys let's
brainstorm as a team ya know skittles I
used the eighth teaspoon measures to
form them M and Ms I use the molds the the
silicon putty molds this is this has
come up before and gourmet makes I don't
remember when we never did it but the
idea of using of potato as a mold you
know when you're a kid and you made like
the potato stamps with paint it's
basically that idea so the idea is to
drill use the use of the dremel tool to
drill two halves of an oblate spheroid
into the cut side of the potato it's a
great idea
this diameter looks very similar I just
had a moment of perspective about what
I'm doing and it's so stupid we're gonna
work
I made zero progress in stay three
right now so far off the rails would it
don't know I'd have to like put you
sides use them there has to be another
way I think this we need to stop this I
don't know what's going on
I have melon ballers but there too is
sucked I can't find the right size using
any wooden that's not the right size why
not it's just not that's exactly what I
weigh them out and its needs I think
because it look at the actual difference
in depth between the if it's two halves
do you have the loss of Jamal's weight I
just had an idea we could try making our
own cornstarch mold that was a thing
that I took away from what was the last
episode we did no no looks from Sour
Patch Kids yeah they like how to make a
compressed cornstarch mold basically but
I was like what if we take cornstarch
and mix it with egg white and we can
basically press Mentos into them I think
that's worth a shot okay it all into the
trash and that's a better idea for it my
new idea is to make sort of clay from
cornstarch and egg white and then to use
Mentos as the form make an impression
and then take them out and use that as
the mold
[Music]
I've never felt anything like this so
weird this texture it's sort of like dry
but loose at the same time
Kevin feel it it's so weird
my plan is to well look at them sink
it's like quicksand
[Music]
I think we should start this whole day
over I just wish that I were further
along in this process that I am sucks
I've done nothing but spin my wheels in
this whole episode the moulds thing is
not happening this is the mold we're
going back to this place as far as molds
go so now I'm going back to the filling
which I was putting off to figure out
the mold what's happening there John
look at that one look they've been
digging out you've been swallowed up by
the monster okay I have to make the
filling I'm going to do what I did last
night
but then when then it went wrong and
took a turn so I'm gonna try to repeat
that the same quantities and hopefully
it turns out but I'm worried I don't
feel good about it
[Music]
what happened and really don't want to
do this anymore
you can do it man I know you're gonna
finish this one today
you think so today yes and if not I will
lie for you might be like you Nate yeah
yeah thank you
keep going thanks guys that helped me
yay thank you thinking what a sign that
was good
feel better all right let's just have it
be the one even if it's not the one you
know what I mean it's too hard
and I don't want to make it again
oh right uh hi I'm having some issues
and Dan wanted me to call you because I
I'm pro I've refusing to make anymore
you want to stop by if you could just
save the day okay can you just start by
trying one what's up don't worry about
it
there's so much chewier than I remember
and I'm not able to really get that
texture what did you do for skittles let
me look back at skittles and see about
the temperature that was using you no
way this is a lot like a skittle because
it has that mm-hmm
interior were you gonna do a shell or
something yeah and so I'm basically
gonna do what I did for skittles which
is just used like to just yeah and put
the sugar back to skittles
so Rhoda gave me good advice as I knew
she would Rhoda said to go back to
skittles and take a look at skills and
what I did there because it is a sort of
similar texture and I was referencing
skittles earlier in the video I don't
know why I didn't actually pay attention
to it so I'm watching the very end of
the video here's what I'm going to do
just basically just to cook it less hot
the sugar and that's what I did in
skittles so hardball is like a two hundred sixty two or
for and I was taking it all the way to
hard crack which it's just about three hundred so
I'm dropping it a good forty degrees or so
it's much whiter huh so that's a good
sign actually
I think this is really close it's just a
little too elastic a little too soft so
I think we should push it five more
degrees cook it a little bit hotter and
a little less gelatin this is a very
last one I think it feels really good it
has that kind of hard crack II sound but
it still is pliable and what I'm also
really happy about is that this is a
really white opaque interior and it does
I think look a lot like the interior of
actual Mendte so I did not see this
coming but I actually do feel really
good about this so this is more these
kind of breaks I'm not just saying this
because I don't want to ever do it again
but I really think this is the best
version so we'll be portioning them
trying to form them coating them in
royal icing it's just my idea for the
candy coating letting them dry and
that's it and then we get to play it
with more diet coke it feels pretty fur
huh I think it's fine I think it's great
it's actually quite crumbling which
might affect my ability to mold it into
the shape that I want I think it won't
be okay I'll just have to maybe
microwave them to soften a little bit
your back I haven't seen you in so long
Oh what do you Chris take a bigger bite
no reminds me of what the new york
peppermint pattie are all the inside
which I love I always a very peppermint
pattie like this filling is perfect not
perfect but damn close
yeah but I'm making Mentos what is on
that don't worry about it
good you now it really looks like you're
making weird designer club drugs hey
Andy give you those
that is I don't think it's quite it I'm
not making it over I mean it one million
Oh nailed it
perfect now you just go through the code
yeah there you go
Brad hates it as usual it's not right
it's crumbly it's a different texture
but I'm gonna move forward with it
because I like the way it tastes I kind
of want to try to experiment more I warm
it up first
I'm hoping that I get that when I opened
the door there's Mentos in there well it
melted basically what I've learned it's
Christmas the only one that cares about
any of this
having melted it it is it's holding
together much better so these are not
the spoons that Chris use the angle
grinder on this is a larger size these
are quarter teaspoon measures but I'm
just kind of using them as like a half
mold and it's actually kind of working
in terms of the size is pretty close
it's the closest I've come to a Mentos
so far I wanted Brad to care more the
bread doesn't care no one cares what my
suffering basically and that does not
feel good you know who cares Gaby
where's Gabby Gabby just in so much
compassion I mean I need more Gabby so
I'm gonna just keep forming the little
individual pieces and then I want to see
how they kind of set does Brian know
that he has like fruit flies flying
around his um fermentation station also
what is that also that bag of egg yolks
the sugar and salt has been there since
April
I think overall they have a very regular
even shape I'm actually more pleased
with the shaping than I thought I would
be filling is maybe not the perfect
texture but I'm happy overall these go
back into the fridge and while they're
setting I'll think about how I want to
dip them so I'm pretty committed to
royal icing as the coating royal icing
ism is a mixture of egg white and
powdered sugar for the main question is
how am I going to dry them so that they
don't have a flat surface where they
rest I have an idea
you need a bunch of toothpicks and now I
need to find a piece of foamboard
do you have any foam board like maybe I
could just store a part of it thank you
I'll bring it back
and this that is this will create a
suspension system with just very tiny me
what what this looks like a medieval
torture device of some kind something at
a game of Thrones maybe all right now
I'm going to make my world I sing so I'm
going to grab powdered sugar and egg
white the royal icing I'm using it to
kind of get that crackling texture as it
dries and then kind of makes this own
shell oh god oh god oh god okay I think
I have a start again with this let's try
that again there are still some drips
Chris this is ridiculous although I did
one and is there another way that one is
I'm sure that there is I just haven't
thought of it the shape already looks
just dynamite
yeah like the coating at least from the
top because I think these are going to
have these are gonna have the best angle
you know that they're like slightly
irregular but in a purposeful way almost
like I feel like I'm like a mentos
itself like you know just like we did
like you know the physical reaction of
the co two you know coming out of solution
the diet soda because of like there's
like a little bit of like surface
iocation you know wait what
it's funny I've learned that this takes
intense concentration and I shouldn't be
spoken to it's a silent art I want to
let this whole thing sit so that the
wetter Mentos can set before I kind of
move around the board and I'll come back
in maybe ten minutes and sort of transfer
the drier ones to the rack and then at
that point everything just needs to dry
out maybe overnight I'm gonna check on
these
[Music]
this should maybe go into the gourmet
makes Museum I'll just put this off to
the side what if I need to use it again
this is my drying rack what would it be
called in Game of Thrones what sorry a
sword called oh yeah needle the needle
rack these are mementos yeah yeah
they're close enough good enough for
government work always
that's so deeply unimpressed ignoring
all that I'm just gonna set these aside
Oh Brad can I use it can I use your fans
yeah yeah this is good this is good put
this bad boy in hi yeah wanna put on hi
put on hi now we're humming you know
it's okay good I think it's getting air
all over great come come back tomorrow
so here's here in the Mentos these have
been drying overnight they had the fan
on them they've I think they've dried
sufficiently as you can see like they're
pretty hard do they definitely have sort
of a right side and a wrong side so I'm
trying to keep them basically right-side
up because on the bottom they have the
little spikes tiny little marks from my
torture rack that's okay I think they
actually overall look really really good
especially if you stand really two feet
away and don't look too close can you
hear that tapping it taps
I don't think that's gonna happen
all right mr ski this bounces they
don't bounce whatever the truth I was
trying to get them hard enough that they
would do that yeah yeah if you want I'll
try I'll try one with you I like these
and they're just a very different
texture oh wow they're like soft men's
which I love
they're definitely improved oh thank you
like I do not care to eat another one of
these mmm thank you
Thanks maybe the texture wasn't exactly
what I wanted but I like the flavor I
think we really Gor made these just a
soon love it
face someone told me it was a Mentos or
not I wouldn't be able is it cool
I know oil in it yeah great job Claire
thanks I think you did a great job
oh no it's nice this is hard player
let's but yeah it's hard you know much
money the minute mr Mentos spent I'm
hoping that to be perfect every time
a lot maybe a little bit dear you're
kind of going you're doing a day one
thing we're on the last day so just
great you know yeah there you go that's
what I was looking for in the red no
menthol he kind of burns oh no too late
there it is
Delaney hi I've been head shake just as
a greeting Wow
you know what are you doing don't do
that don't squeeze it just eat the whole
thing I pretend like it's identical
what are definitely softer
I know the flavor is definitely better
thanks I'd like to Flavor Flav's great
the real test will be if they make the
diet coke explode
oh you haven't done that yet we did it
with the original no no I know but but
we haven't I haven't tried with you I
kind of let see that so we're gonna try
the die coke experiment with the
homemade Mentos are we ready I'll help
you position it going on game one two
three
[Music]
I think that this is one of the more
unhinged expansive episodes
knows what we did I'm sorry we still
don't know why it works but it's
something about it's like the surface
you know yeah like it's being have been
irregular right causes like the co two
bubbles to kind of the fun gourmet makes
the middle section was less fun than the
beginning and end where we just got to
play with a diet coke in the dish pitch
yes it was great and I'm actually really
proud of the overall shape and
construction and coding which is also
something that I thought was gonna be
hard so I was pleasantly surprised it
was a gourmet explosion here's how you
make or may mentos sprinkle three quarters TSP
powdered gelatin over one tablespoon of
cold water in a small bowl set aside -
sixty grams coconut oil twenty five grams of
cornstarch and one teaspoon peppermint
extract set aside my two hundred grams sugar a
pinch of kosher salt and one hundred grams corn
syrup and three tablespoons water in a small
saucepan and cook over medium heat
stirring to dissolve sugar bring to a
boil cook until the thermometer reaches
two hundred seventy degrees Fahrenheit remove from the
heat stir in the gelatin to dissolve
then whisk in the coconut oil mixture
until smooth pour the mixture onto a
baking sheet and let's sit until cool
enough to handle hold the sugar
constantly until the mixture reaches
room temperature press the mixture back
onto the baking sheet and let's sit it
till completely set and hardened crumble
the mixture into pieces and microwave
until softened pinch off and wait two point seven
Grand portions roll the portions to form
spears and compressed between two-footer
tea spoon around measuring spoons tap
out onto the counter and repeat flatten
the sphere slightly to create oblate
spheroids
make a royal icing with one large egg
white and confectioner sugar dip the
Mentos one at a time into the royal
icing and transfer to a toothpick drying
rack
let's sit until dry to the touch then
transfer to a regular rack and let dry
over an
[Music]
there's something almost as sad you in
the flavour because it's like a it's
like you know it tastes like I know
exactly what you're gonna say thus
offering me oh yeah yeah like them up in
the diner when you get those little
pillow the pillow man grandma oh you
know you should make her those Andes
mints I love they were like class oh
yeah love the flavor Thanks do you get
the little coconut rice um savor what is
it it's a guessing game
is it powdered kimchi look powdered
sauerkraut and pattern new phone it's
just music chick being yourself really
yeah hmm I mean it's really tasty very
almost cheesy yeah
very you want a pinch but I had all the
pictures yesterday I already tried out
what what what episode is this what are
we doing
all right it's like you never get a
little Brad you always get all of bread
yes
[Laughter]

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Takis | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
hockey hockey fever head
what kind of Rebbe here for my intro or
no I haven't even done my injury yet we
just started perfect Amy I'm gonna head
lunch no there's no lunch is Claire eighty six
lunch more work more videos no hey
everyone I'm Claire I'm in the BA's
kitchen and today I'm making gourmet
takis I've never actually had takis I've
heard a lot about them it seems like a
frequently requested or may make subject
kind of seems like a cousin of the
Dorito and that it's a tortilla chip
with a very intense seasoning on it I
know that they're rolled so I'm really
curious to get into them and kind of
take a look at the construction over the
bed I'm really hungry I haven't had
lunch probably we can go to Six Flags
and save fifteen dollars did you say they're purple
yeah that's not purple oh wow
these are good I don't know if I like
this flavor profile either I'm good near
your budget oh so you might get sick can
teach many new I don't want to go back
though yeah yeah they're good what other
flavors we got besides quake oh wait is
that
no we're having no the purple ones are
quit let's try two spicy ones try hot
Shirley Wayne Wayne is wait but what do
we just have we had um crunchy fajitas
thank you didn't tell
oh my goodness why these are
glow-in-the-dark yeah oh look at this
one this one's a little bit of like
unfolded
well like these kill human beings why
are they so red I think you're gonna
nail this one yeah you know why usually
already made torito's take it from same
chip roll it different spice mix make it
less I'm excited for this one Claire
well your support means everything well
I'm here for you any time you just call
and he hasn't been here for like five
episodes oh oh oh
these the asset is all up front and then
you get kind of some of the chili and
then the heat comes later
we are incredible they're really read
like unnaturally red the red is the
coating there's no red in the middle I'm
not only liable to go and buy a bag of
chips but if I were I would maybe be
going for copies I don't think I can try
this why are they blue why are they blue
it makes me feel weird
oh so this is sakis wild TM spicy
buffalo tortilla chips I had each one is
like I'm more brilliant color than the
last
Wow yours thank you my favorite you
should be incredible with beer if I had
a bar I would put these out because it
would make people drink I've stopped I
don't want to do this anymore I got I
can't I can't you anymore Jackie's
they're so good they're spicy not like
crazy it's very simple it's a roll
tortilla chip coated in some kind of
very unnatural spice mix just the
greatest Christmas so smelling it
there's a big bite for you Chris you
really get a very early sweet EKOS sweet
sour and then all sorts of other things
and then spicy are you okay no it's my
wife we
so sour sour a little bit gonna salt
drink acid just like and then it's just
fire down below yeah yeah I know just
drops down yeah it's like overload it's
like when your dog is like sniffing out
the window of the car and you're like
yeah I think through the neighborhood
and they're just like oh my god this
thing nothing Chris in retrospect this
is truly your worst nightmare I'm sorry
I didn't think about that more confusing
so it's how it's so sensitive so it's
this I'm sure they're different in
general but it seems like they're
between six and a half and seven
centimeters in terms of in terms of the
thickness of the chip I would say it's
very very thin it just seems thick
because there's so many layers the chip
is three millimeters thick it's not a
tight it's not a very big spiral it's
not like there's many concentric roads I
like to try to hydrate these and soften
them so I can roll it out and see what
the original shape of the chip is before
it's rolled and I don't need it to
completely stay in one piece I just need
it to come apart enough that I could get
a general sense of the shape Oh No this
student really helped me a lot this is
as whole and unrolled hockey as I could
manage one thing that I noticed is that
if you break apart at a key the inside
of the roll has the powder coating on it
so that tells me that it's flat first
coated in the powder then rolled then
possibly fry it again or somehow crisp
again so that it stays that it maintains
that shape time for my favorite part
reading the ingredients corn masa flour
or the CSS with lime spread the sea
vegetable oil with the sea foam and or
Goit B and or canola oil and or rice
bran oil those part the seasoning
brackets all altered X transferred acid
sugar
monosodium glutamate hydrolyzed soy
protein onion powder
extract artificial color and it sees red
hold on I miss the closed bracket nope
red forty like yellow stealing for this
natural and artificial flavors OD on
bicarbonate baking oil really pepper
Prince's chili nice sodium I know
signing high sodium guanylate he'd be HQ
Missy's antioxidant list for the Cee
Lo's bracket our old friend TBHQ still
forgot what that is what is it again
we don't know just as I thought it was
it's a corn chip what's even about it
but seasoning encompasses like fifteen
different things and now we probably
wanna go over to the computer so I can
do some more research I love it that
says do you have what it takes to handle
the intensity of takis or old tortilla
chips are you able to stand a crunchy
bite of our full-on flavor it's like a
Christmas cake answer is no I won't see
this it's pretty much like this the
whole time right okay cool
seventeen million views that's a lot of
views good for those kids
talkies Factory okay alright there's not
anything on the internet about how
talking's are actually made given the
work I already did on the chip for
Doritos I think the primary challenge
here will be forming them getting them
to stay and making sure that they're
crisp all the way through and then the
actual chip itself and the coat the
flavor coating will be a little bit
easier also I said challenge like a real
Midwestern err
I keep little notes about each recipe
for me makes and this is Doritos so here
it has the quick summary of the dough
which is one hundred grams of white masa harina
sixty grams of water five grams oil two grams
salt and two grams baking powder so masa
harina is a kind of corn flour made from
kernels that are nixtamalization are
made out of i want to let this rest for
maybe ten or fifteen minutes and I'm trying to
think if I need to make this the outside
coating before I even start the frying
test because that's part of the process
so let me see if I can pull together or
some ingredients for that what if I do
it what if I nail it
it's four eighteen alright so I took the bag with
me onion powder and that's G the sugar
and citric acid over there chili pepper
we have over there alright we're good
you want me hate you want me to get you
a vermouth no I don't know about salami
is there vermouth in there I'll make you
one do you like a little Q ice one and a
little little wedge or something
leave a huge problem Gabi you look very
chic with your burger soon you you're
welcome
enjoying having a very civilized four thirty
night live your life here welcome salud
oh my god he's so good thanks please
you're welcome
wait wait where were the spices that I
was holding oh here they are
dude you never mouth also Gabi Paul
worked so hard they deserve a break
Cheers
thank you you're welcome oh I got my
spices I forgot I'm gonna make this
season a mix away I basically made all
seasoning mixes and grow a mix which is
to taste and just kind of adding small
amounts of everything until I get kind
of the right balance and I'm gonna be
making a particularly small amount
because this is kind of just a
preliminary test and now I think two
parts Korean red pepper it's really
bright red so I like that it's bringing
a lot of color
good it needs a lot more salt I think
you can use a lot more chilli yeah now
we're getting somewhere
and some of the particles of the
ingredients were a little big so I'm
gonna mill it
watch out just gonna be vaporized
that's kitchen apocalypse that kind of
orange but oh well just a test over here
I'm gonna look for an
appropriately-sized cutter something
oval yeah be really downsize the cutter
is a little worried what do you call
this oh I'm trying to bend this cutter
this is the shape I've made it's not
great it's not really even around but I
think it'll be good enough for this
chest
so this draw has been resting for really
I think twenty minutes or so and I think I'm
just going to start and pressing pieces
of dough and now with the cutter
I worry a little bit about how crumbly
it is save my pot over here and now I
need to take it out of the oil before it
starts to set which might be like now
quick coating I think it's already
trying out
yeah well didn't work I got to dry that
thing living the dough is too dry it's
not thick enough so I think what I need
to do is fry it hotter and faster I
think I need a wetter dough so that it
doesn't dry out so quickly it would
really be helpful if they showed inside
the taki bacteria cuz I'm not sure how
this is done I'm going to basically
crumble it back into the bowl and add a
little water and then knead it again so
I'm gonna do that same kind of test I'm
a little irritated at those sharp
corners not broke I waited too long the
surface dried out too much in the fryer
so when I tried to roll it it broke
I think maybe even hotter exists
basically what I want to do is activate
the baking powder through heat in the
fryer really quickly while it's still
pliable well it cracked let's go home
this did not work I learned a valuable
lesson which is that this is not how
talkies are made I'm pretty sure I think
one of the problems is that the masa
harina doesn't have a lot of elasticity
it's like if I were to pull it doesn't
stretch it just tears it just breaks I'm
gonna have to think about this one
tonight because that was harder than I
thought it was going to be
I went home and I did the thing I
normally do which is I intend to go
think about it and then I forget and
then I come back the next morning
without a plan but since I've been here
this morning I had an idea which is
basically to back up and use a
traditional method of making tortilla
chips which is to basically just make
tortillas griddle them and then roll
them up because obviously cook tortillas
are pliable and fry them and I also want
to make a more hydrated door than I made
yesterday
[Music]
alright that was like less than thirty
seconds so I'm not able to roll this
without it breaking I think I need more
moisture and I have to roll it thinner I
don't want to get it a bit thinner than
I had it before you see this one is
already starting to bubble
well it's sticking ringing okay I'm
trying again I'm just going to very
lightly brush the surface with a little
bit of oil all right I think what I want
to try to use is a skewer to help me
basically roll it this one by the way is
tearing but yeah that didn't work
hi Brad yeah can I I need a little help
I like your jacket
okay yeah I need a little tortilla help
with what oh all I can do is give you
the name of my orthopedist Chris has
gone there carla has gone to him he the
best yeah he's right over there
okay thumbs be the situation and I can't
get them to roll Orangeburg so tightly
yeah what is he brush your base using a
masa dough sauce the water low oil fault
that's it I say just hit the books do no
research how do you have a corn tortilla
little stretch here I wish I was more
helpful but my brains just wilt in salt
water what are you doing for that I made
a quick version yesterday you need some
dehydrated kimchi powder I got it yeah
he got some of that can I also maybe um
can I use some me your miso powder
yeah just put some salt on there and
something smells good too might beat
color well beat coloring that's a good
idea we maybe have some powdered beat
here I don't think you want me so it's
kind of cheesy no no that's good that's
good hold on that one's kind of like
parmesan II this one's more like cheddar
oh this smells so good give that one a
little no I think I'm gonna find some
beet powder all right I'd wait for daddy
to get here
what do you think is the best fat for
tortilla I feel like they should use oil
because at room temperature I want it to
be soft I hit the books
let me I'm gonna turn one more time the
idea here is that by adding more fat as
I cook it it will stay pliable it's
basically built the logic and actually I
think more oil in the dough will also
make it less likely to stick to the
griddle which means I probably don't
have to oil the dough before I add it
it's not hot enough and it's cracking
any breads right I think I could do some
research
hi I thought you were Mexico oh my god
oh wow what a life so I'm having I'm
trying to make among the super makes I'm
not trying to make takis what do you as
like I tried adding more oil more
hydration cooking them really fast the
raw dough yeah interesting after I roll
it yeah interesting I mean I haven't
even been able to really I mean this is
different oh that I was trying before
but I can try rolling the raw dough and
see what happens this is final Fire
Island weekend Rick I'm sorry about
summer let me see what kind of a roll I
can get with the raw dough
I mean that works right that is a tight
spiral I just want to point out this
isn't much too big for a talkie I rolled
over onto itself too many times but
that's pretty good that was maybe a mini
breakthrough what just happened I want
to say mine just drop it right into the
fryer and get a good result but first I
want to actually coat the dough after I
press it in the powder on both sides and
then try to roll it and see what happens
because I there's no other explanation
for how these are made then that
approach
oh no it's breaking apart oh my god so I
took it out of oil before it was crisp
because it exploded which tells me that
I have to dry it first which means I
think I'm gonna bake them and then fry
them so that's really great that's super
useful and I'm gonna basically sit here
and form maybe five takis as a test so
I'm just gonna do some quick assembly I
feel very good about these I think that
on a basic level there's there's a path
forward but there's not anything all
right now I'm gonna do something kind of
stupid and just dump them all in the
fryer all right
yeah this guy's getting kind of dark
gonna pull it so the spices got really
dark in the fryer so maybe I fried him a
little too hot it's not as thick or as
open as a regular talkie so I'm still
thinking that maybe baking powder is a
good move
all right that's crisp surprisingly
Chris overall it's pretty good it's
crispy it tastes like a tortilla chip
there's a couple issues like spices
making it a little bit bitter because
they got kind of dark in the fryer it's
a little too hard it could be a little
more open and airy but overall surprised
actually it and how close I got just in
this step I'm going to make a new dough
all right now I think I'll add one gram
of baking powder okay so now I'm gonna
make a new seasoning mix using a lot of
the same ingredients as yesterday but
also adding fresh ground kashmira chili
I like the idea of using Fred's kimchi
powder because it has a sourness to it
I really like the umami almost a cheesy
flavor from this powder nice so he made
three quarters of a teaspoon msg
kosher salt citric acid onion powder I'm
gonna do three quarters of a teaspoon of sugar
you're gonna double the cayenne the beet
powder is not gonna bring a lot of
flavor
mostly color I have to know this because
all the particles are different devices
oh there's a lot of strappin needs more
chili Oh better that's good now I'm
gonna start portioning out my dough I'm
gonna make them bigger and bigger all
[Music]
right I'm just trying to roll it now
it's a little bit thicker and I'm
expecting that it will be kind of fewer
revolutions around the dowel so I'll
bake this for about five minutes and
then
try it
my talk is exploding soil is still a bit
hot so there was a stronger puffing I'm
using fifty percent more dough which means I
probably need to let them bake foodie
percent longer and I didn't do that
I put baking powder in which means there
is in addition to the water coming off
as steam there's that chemical reaction
that's producing gas so it's not
surprising that it wanted to uncoil a
bit
I think the thickness actually of the of
the dough looks good that's good spice
the spice mix is kind of delicious
that's not much heat on it surprising I
put like a lot of heat in it here yeah
testing your frying and then taking them
out and kinda like giving a little toss
no under you're cutting them pre fry I
feel like you might go the one preamp oh
it's you
Krampus I think that's smart cuz then
you get like cooked flavors plus fresh
right you're not getting the toffee
fingers without without doing alone look
at my apron a lot of doing that yeah
Chris what's that oval shape that I can
use as a cutter don't we have something
cutters I thought I could find yeah
you're probably got rid of them my idea
is basically to use these two shapes
together to kind of cut four sides of
the oval and now I'm using with much
smaller curve basically round off the
ends it's so tedious and I try to shave
off a little bit of this edge
[Music]
all right I feel really good about this
one let's bring it over here it got
really Drive and it didn't break apart
it looks really good I think it's so
cute it does kind of remind me of an
extremely small skinny cannoli that
amount of overlap inside the spiral that
looks good all right it's a little wet
on the inside but I'm I'm so glad I'm
pretty pleased I know I was so confident
before that the talkies are coated
before they're fried but now I'm not so
sure based on the way that these spices
kind of toast and take on color in the
oil I think there's there's very little
chance that this coating itself is fried
I think maybe it's better just to roll
and fry and dehydrate and then or maybe
coat and then dehydrate we're a YouTube
video would be really helpful so I want
to try a version where I just leave it
plain and then try to add the coating
after comes out of the fryer
I'm gonna try dusting it now with some
of the seasoning I'm basically just
gonna toss it together in a bag that
coating got real thick too thick Wow the
interior looks really good it looks
puffed and it's crispy there's a lot
spicier it's so much more sort of sweet
sour spicy and those flavors are a lot
more forward I feel like this is more
correct than adding it pre fry I've
tested enough parts of the process that
I'm not anticipating some major snack so
I think one more day and and I got it
what could go wrong I truly forgot what
before we make subject we were on and
what day it was and what we've done so
far so I had to be reminded that we're
talking I really did forget what I did
what do I do
did I like the seasoning was it good
because I was good like I was happy with
it let me talk a mix that sounds
positive I feel like my brain is
rejecting all non-essential information
and the central things are like where do
I live how do i how do I take this up it
was like that's about it all right it's
sleep deprivation and sleep deprivation
induced amnesia I was told I'm really
close so just good to go everything
that's written here from day two I'm
making the dough so I'm following
everything I did on day two you don't
even know what I would change
[Music]
the dough is resting and now I want to
take a look at the cutters that are
wonderful PA ordered for this shoot
because he knows me better than I know
myself
jeonse the best I think this is gonna be
perfect I'm gonna start portioning
flattening and cutting that looks so
good I'm just gonna make a bunch I had
forgotten that I didn't finish this and
then I thought we were starting a new
one today and I came in there like it's
day three of tacky it was literally a
nightmare how's that for a long that
it's so perfect
whenever we set up an assembly line
makes me really happy me too rotus
weighing out and rolling into a log and
I am cutting and rolling onto the dowel
[Music]
alright I forgot about these little guys
so did I yeah you didn't I literally
forgot what I was doing Jeff a job for
Brad no jumpin negative do you want to
know Matthew what do you want to help
Brad yeah yeah we could do a little
something great okay why use our
dehydrator you got stuff in there that
one there are you ever gonna let me use
that one but it's just think it's
already set up it's right over there in
the corner yes you can I just have to
take the egg on set okay great you want
to show me you love it let me let me pop
these in the oven and then you can show
me you're gonna go yeah three hundred for I don't
remember how long
real simple look Celsius Fahrenheit I'm
assuming you're gonna stick to
Fahrenheit yeah and then it's set which
one's blinking timer is in hours okay
and it's got two little duel fans in
there we're really upgrading this one's
so fancy it's so nice thanks of all
towards the fan yeah yeah okay good
right there guys feet stay positive have
fun smile with your mouth with your eyes
with your hands okay uh-huh
all smiles okay I'll do that
all right let's see what we got here I'm
gonna fry everything at once this is
really scary I think they look pretty
good they are like I don't love the
cracks in them it's just mostly an
aesthetic issue I don't think it's a big
enough issue that I have to do anything
over again which is the only kind of
issue I care about and this is a
technique from the Great British baking
show to make things cool faster I'm
going to use a big foreseeable plastic
bag to coat them oh do we have that lens
puffer thing so this is a little air
puffer that's used to clean camera
lenses I've kind of commissioned it for
gourmet makes uses wait this is working
though look at this so it's working
these are really coated Pandu's look
pretty good there's places where it's
kind of caked on but I feel like that's
how the talkies are the main thing I was
trying to accomplish with that technique
was to try to get some of the seasoning
in the interior of the roll which based
on the looks of it is what happened so
that's that's kind of like mission
accomplished you can see in terms of a
color it's red and it's not that bad but
can't hurt to let um really dehydrate
and then I'm ensured that super crispy
bite all the way through but I'm gonna
actually just put them onto the rack
directly because I want that full air
circulation and I think Brad's idea of
having them be in line with the fan and
the backhoes really smart so that
there's air puffing kind of through that
Center
cylinder so I think the safest thing is
to leave this here for about an hour and
then I'll come back and check on them
they look really good I think I'm
obviously pretty confident because I've
already put the final ones on the plate
and compare them to the original even
though I haven't tasted them yet so let
me just taste one to make sure this is
the version I want to feed people oh
yeah I think I'm good I think I'm ready
for you oh I did put the cash Mary chili
in there right inside it does not like
puffery thing yeah it's a lot it's just
like I appreciated it Molly's validation
because I do really like the way that
these not only did it that they taste
but that really satisfying crunch and it
did get airier than I thought in the
dehydrator like it really lightened up
so it actually turned out better than I
thought it would which that's that's a
rare gourmet makes
I think can we just bring it in to him
all just really discreetly peek in to
see what they're doing real quick do I
brought you a present
do you want an original two as a
side-by-side okay yeah I think you
should have it after this definitely
we've got the crunch uh-huh and the like
insane like flavor that kind of like
totally overloads your are you okay just
so shocking yeah where do you want to
try one that's a wallop I think you
nailed it hey this has been a day of
extreme highs and lows even more than
usual but we're ending on a high so I'm
pretty happy about that it all came
together at the end pretty quickly and
in like a very satisfying way so I'm
pretty pleased I did overcome the curse
which is not even a thing it doesn't
matter but if there were to be a curse
this just don't just there's no curse
here is how you make gourmet takis to
make the seasoning combine one tsp Tajin
three quarters tsp Kashmiri chilli put our tsp
breads kimchi powder quarter teaspoon
breads miso powder three quarters teaspoons msg two
teaspoons kosher salt half teaspoon
citric acid quarter teaspoon onion
powder quarter teaspoon sugar quarter
teaspoon cayenne pepper and half teaspoon
beet powder in a container and shake to
make the chalky dough combine fifty grams
of white masa harina two grams kosher salt
and one gram baking powder at sixty five grams
lukewarm water and eight grams vegetable oil
and mix with a spatula until you have a
stiff dough knead the dough until smooth
and wrap in plastic and let rest fifteen to
twenty minutes rushing out four and half gram
pieces of dough and roll in a ball blend
slightly then place between sheets of
plastic and flatten further with a
sizzle platter use an elliptical cutter
to punch out an ellipsis then roll the
ellipses tightly around a wooden skewer
rest each skewer seam side down and
repeat with several more pieces of dough
face each skewer on a small rimmed
baking sheet and bake at three hundred degrees
Fahrenheit until dry to the touch about
ten minutes fry in three hundred degrees Fahrenheit
vegetable oil until the chips are very
crisp and golden have been transferred
to a rack and let cool place the chips
in a plastic bag toss and a generous
amount of seasoning go the bag with air
seal and shake vigorously until all the
takis are coated remove from the bag and
shake off excess and dry in a dehydrator
on high for several hours until
completely crisp is there gonna be a
gourmet makes like director's cut of
anything or like gourmet made oh yeah or
what about like outtakes
someone once said in the comments
is that as I take it that's a good point
it was in regards that may be sneezing
in the background for Andy

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Ruffles | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
I have an idea let's skip all of
research all of talking to people all
the deconstructing taking measurements
and I no no it's yours this is a real
thing I have an idea let's just skip all
that frontmatter and I just can I just
try it and then see if I nail it movie
at the classes episode we've ever done I
just think I know how to do this it's
pretty easy hey everyone I'm Claire I'm
in the BA's kitchen and today I'm making
gourmet ruffles I think potato chips are
truly one of the most satisfying foods
in the world ever
but ruffles I find particularly
appealing ruffles potato chips are a
ridged potato chip this wavy pattern
ruffles have ridges as the catchphrase
says they're just extremely crisp and
very light also just all that texture
from the ridges and the crisps penis is
like this these are an extremely
satisfying thing to eat also Gabi told
me that this is her secret favorite
snack in the whole world so I like I
didn't try the mini Gabriela
uh I just kind of smell it from the bag
I think crack is crack for your brain so
this is how can an onion family long oh
yeah you can't go wrong I know you're
gonna nail this one so well Gabi I don't
all dressed flavor
number one flavor in Canada what is all
dressed mean salty savory and sweet at
the same time oh my god they smell
amazing good Oh
being a girl or something
it's like vinegar barbecue okay these
are so good this may be the greatest
period I've ever had I'm sorry I lived
in Canada from one year how did I not
know about this I don't really go out
much very cold I feel ill right now for
meeting these but they're so good this
is usually the best thing about Reid
there's so good double crunch was that
music
I already made of gourmet Wow zesty
cheddar so cold
[Applause]
my favorite flavor the cheese flavor is
so overwhelming I don't feel great now I
just ate a lot of potato chips in a very
short period of time
they're so good and when you're going
through those are you thinking yourself
how is your ruffle not a preamble or how
is it I think that's an interesting
question because Pringle it was a potato
crisp we had a potato chip so we're like
it was like potato composite this I
think is actual potato
I meant to believe this is a slice of a
potato I believe you are
what's the quintessential I think
original or something an onion so we
could do what I did for at least in
terms of flavoring what I did for
Pringles if you like make the base chip
then have the different powder coatings
I'd love to attempt this somehow I can't
be that hard it's like powder distilled
white vinegar plus chili powder plus
sugar you know to get that barbecue
flavor I think the smartest thing I just
want to focus on getting in this case
one hundred percent of this challenge is okay
ninety five percent of this challenge is texture so I
want to focus first and foremost on
achieving a crispy white chip you know
fairly golden not brown and then once I
achieve that I can think about flavoring
them because the flavoring happens after
they're cooked I think this one's cut
and dry we might have something before
the end of the day and by the way it's three
pm I'm trying it as a new strategy
radical confidence
there's no point measuring individual
chips because they're all different
sizes what it indicates is that they're
all sliced from different sized potatoes
so they're actually made from potatoes I
think although in general this feels
like maybe a good average size it's a
little tiny bit Brown around the edge
but in general it's a very uniform kind
of yellowish color
I just want to measure the ridges what
was that thing in school where you had
like we're measuring wavelengths you
know and it was like this is the
wavelengths like the length of the wave
right and then this is there's a word
for what this is so this is the
wavelength this is the crest this is the
amplitude there we go that's a word this
is the crest this is the trough this is
the wavelength I can't believe how much
warming makes makes me think about my
high school science classes one way of
length is four centimeters I mean four
millimeters the amplitude is one
centimeter
I mean millimeter the bull ship is
really I mean absurdly thin you think
about it it's the worst ruler chance
it's really only like on the one meter
thick so I've just extremely extremely
thin so because it puffs in the oil so
if it's one millimeter thick after
frying it has to be even less than that
before it goes into the oil and it's
just gonna be very hard not only to get
at that fin but to get it even to had to
have the ridges be even all the way
across
I need like laser cuts and chips do they
have that give me a laser
oh yeah my favorite part reading the
ingredients there's a real different
ingredient list than like Hot Pockets
potatoes vegetable oil in this sunflower
weren't an ordinal Loyola spread this in
salt
pretty brief I appreciate the purity of
the product I love this where we makes
more and more with every minute they
read that one to be clear that was the
ingredient list for original ruffles
this is a - garni the ingredients here
are potato that's oil sunflower corn and
canola oil
all dressed season appendixes and alter
dexter records made from corn sugar
sodium I asked to salt extras truly
monosodium glutamate this sodium a
severely cut our onion powder and flour
malic acid every texture natural flavor
I felt better about this before
particularly put off by sodium diacetate
and also to release which i've never
heard of but the point is at their faith
level ruffles our potato salt and oil I
feel good about that time to go over to
the computer and do some research what
are these called ruffles potato chips
the product is named as an analogy to
the ruffle a strip of fabric sometimes
gathered creating folds thanks for that
really helpful definition of what a
ruffle is let's look at all dressed
Sabina don't you play more popular in
Canada the flavour combines the potato
chip flavors of barbecue ketchup sour
cream and onion and salt and vinegar
fascinating what a great idea
brilliant however your living makes
potato chips
you make about a hundred fifty million
pounds a year Wow please ruffles freedom
I'm sorry one hundred fifty million pounds a year look
that's so many potatoes okay so we saw
that there's actually a lot here but I
don't see anything in particular about
ridged so this is a how it's made video
okay so that's another important point
the reason why potato chips out of a bag
are not brown is because all of the
starch is washed off it's the sugars and
starches that start to brown and the oil
and they're fried so in every case that
we've seen of a video in a factory this
the potatoes are washed so all the
starches are rinsed off the surface and
that's why they fry very pale and they
don't get really Brown there's mama I
don't think there's a really complicated
code to crack here it's just like making
some potato chips which is great what a
refreshing change for me makes what I'm
really interested in is getting our
hands on a crinkle slicer and I think
the biggest challenge will be to get
even slices that are the thickness that
I want which is a very very thin the
videos that we watched confirmed what I
kind of knew going in which is that
there was a just a few steps when it
comes to making potato chips basically
it's slicing rinsing cooking slash Rhine
and then an N seasoning so in potato
land there's two main types of potatoes
there's waxy potatoes and starchy
potatoes
these are Yukon Golds a waxy variety and
then Idaho or russets
a starchy variety the waxy err ones tend
to be like a little slicker and have
it's really all the way under where did
it go oh wait I can get it I'm afraid to
reach my hand under you I got it
who knows what's been under that oven
alright I got here out of this it's
amazing just standing here holding a
potato so I'll probably do some
side-by-side while we're waiting for the
slicer I'm just gonna peel one of each
and get it in some water
potato browns very quickly when you peel
it but if you hold in water it stops the
Browning process and maybe I'll get some
oil going on the stove and just bring it
up to temp this is just vegetable oil
potatoes are peeled oil is almost at three hundred sixty
Gabby has our our much needed tool yeah
very exciting thank you so this is
actually so this is the command a
mandolin this thing is a lot of moving
parts but the whole point is that this
has a blade that snaps in that makes
ridges this is a crinkle cutter so it's
like what do you make have you ever seen
like big carrots on the platter that
have the little ridges in it or like the
stir-fry it is a wider overall bigger
wavelength than the ruffles mandolin
actually scares me a little bit my idea
is to slice a flat surface so that I can
basically have it hit up against the
side let me try a little thicker
all right so I got a slice it's pretty
even it's also pretty thick let me see
if I if I go faster if it gets a little
bit thinner no what I was hoping for
that was Yukon Gold I got basically two
semi usable slices let me try slippery
let me try the the russet I need a
sharper blade Oh like that one's not bad
Oh God I will got pretty hot let that
cool down alright I think I should just
go over to the fire and start just doing
some test batches it's gonna start kind
of piece by piece
that's the Yukon and the other ones are
russet the oil it's pretty hot it's three hundred ninety
just gonna season with a little bit of
salt and I wanted to bring them back
over to taste food crisp at all who also
kind of flabby flabby Chris taste this
one Wow okay terms of the thickness it's
really actually not bad if they look
very close in thickness I'm getting some
of that caramelized flavor from the
Browning starches and I don't want that
I don't want that kind of toasty quality
I want to sort of blank fried potato
overall it's not bad how bad gonna be
it's fried potato with salt I think I'm
gonna fall back on this article I
remember reading on the Serious Eats
website a long time ago by Kenji Lopez
all about this topic about trying to not
get color on your potato chips when you
fry them he's saying that and all his
tests just rinsing the slices weren't
enough to remove all the starches that
the potato cells really hold on to the
starch so he boils the slices in vinegar
spiked boiling water then he drains and
Fries them that's what we want to try
and so he's also using russet potatoes
and I found that those were easier to
slice anyway so I'm happy to stick with
those
white vinegar I got one so far it's not
bad very unclear what's happening from
sliced its life is making some work in
some Network
they look very translucent so I'm gonna
cook them a little bit longer hopefully
they get crisp all the way through even
though I know I shouldn't say it feeling
pretty confident it's doing what I
expected that's usually that's the
confidence boosters when the thing turns
out the way I think and hope it's gonna
turn out
I wasn't timing it but that was maybe
two minutes or so in the oil first of
all they are almost entirely translucent
which is a little bit weird they kind of
reminded me of like shrimp those like
from crackers they just seemed like they
fried up thinner than the last batch so
it was very effective in terms of
preventing color very crisp it's
interesting because they're so thin it
almost immediately dissolves and all you
kind of taste is like oil you don't even
get a lot of potato it's like you're
eating air so I think that this method
is really effective but now it means I
have to slice the potatoes thicker but I
think this is a very productive line of
inquiry and I'm gonna mail it tomorrow
the one and only time I think I ever
finished in two days was any Oreos
this would even be one and a half days
because I started yesterday in the
afternoon I'm ready to set a record
oh yeah pop rocks was two days but that
was more just like we ended because I
gave up my one question though and I
wish Brad we're here for crabs on
vacation can I sharpen this blade at all
I'm just concerned that it's tearing up
the flesh of the potato as I slice and
just making it really hard to get a
precise cut and an even thickness so we
have this mandolin with the crinkle
cutter blade how do you use one of those
like since culinary
Yeah right yes exactly no no so I'm
wondering if there is a way to sharpen
maybe dremel a dremel tool a dremel kind
of made-up word that doesn't sound real
you made like a little ceramics
yeah yeah I don't really talk about that
sounds good it's almost like a dental
thing like for like sounds great
there's a hardware store in Chambers
Street you should call him yes they have
a bank tool okay I worked great like
nothing against like the one you get at
school like crazy steel yeah like the
the waffler is definitely sharp
robust really but sequential cut cuz
cutters are pretty dull but I am
remembering culinary school redid the
waffle cut fries or chips and yes it was
seem sharper can I borrow your goggles
yeah okay to make flying this is a metal
job for the old city yeah alright I
can't wait okay thanks Chris who needs
Brad to do this myself with your help
yeah hi I have a question do you sell
Dremel rotary tools great and do you
sell the grinding stone accessories as
well Oh perfect okay thanks very much I
have a new plan but it's really two
plans in case one of them fails one idea
is to do what Chris said well both are
really are Chris's ideas one is get the
dremel tool the rotary tool to try to
sharpen this ourselves just because that
seems like not something I would be very
good at I'm gonna head your bets and
also get that mandolin that Chris is
talking about that we both used in
culinary school which is kind of a
professional model you don't see a lot
so we're gonna run out and get that too
that comes with many different blades
including a little ruffled crinkle
cutter we're basically spending more in
one day than we have
season of warming makes combined on
these two items but I think it's a good
plan
amazing timing that was so fast thanks
Terry hey Chris so you have Sam like
yeah guy yep right yep you know let's
let's open it up and see okay vice
perfect I think that's it
really that's it I mean if you have to
read the instructions and it's too
complicated
totally
[Music]
[Applause]
wait Chris I think it is working feel
that and then connects to it I don't
spin her you've removed the metal yes
okay this is really not that hard
how much pressure you think I have to
apply it might be more than you think
cuz I'm not playing any right just like
touching it to it get in there
Oh God okay we might need to see some
sparks I don't like the noise I hate its
noise it's horrible this noise but crits
feel this oh you're throwing metal my
breathing it in
do we have a bandana
[Music]
alright let's try it
it feels definitely sharper so let me
rinse this off and give it a little wash
and then I'm gonna try slicing some
potatoes on it alright
these are definitely coming out better
than yesterday now I'm getting sort of
three good to everyone bad all right
these are all look really good I have
maybe a dozen or a dozen and a half
usable slices here before I make any
more I should probably I want to boil
and fry them so I can kind of gauge
thickness in addition to this I want to
try the other mandolin that just got
here so I can see about I mean so we can
see about overall sharpness and size of
the ridges because obviously the ridges
that I'm making are bigger and wider
than the ridges on ruffles alright here
are my chips
they are almost translucent they
basically become kind of see-through and
what's good as you can see lots of air
bubbles in there which means they're
very crisp but I think they're also a
bit too delicate I mean I'm pretty
crispy this is about the same as what I
was getting yet last night after that
last test where I boiled them kind of
want to try the other mandolin just to
see if I get ridges like this that are
just tighter so we have this other
mandolin as a second option and this ooh
okay and another tool so interesting so
this is wow this is a good crinkle
cutter knife which I'm kind of into
because I think I could really control
the thickness so this is not this plate
is a little bit more of a zigzag rather
than a even wave but I sort of feel like
the ruffles are more of a zigzag I don't
know what I'm expecting us
far as results this is maybe harder than
I thought I think the shape of the
riches is nice but it this is this is
going to be very challenging to cut
parallel I didn't really line it up very
well which is why I have like an
accordion basically so let me let me
just write a few more no all right I'm
not I'm not playing this anymore let's
do it this guy looks like oh yeah look
at that
cutter hello it's like maybe this is
what they used to make ruffles it
practically fits on there all right this
is the smile mandolin that like as Chris
said I used to culinary school and he
used also and this is pretty sharp this
is a pretty sharp edge it's like it was
fun sharpening that thing but I think we
got it I just want to I just want to see
how that how it cuts how easily it cuts
what kind of thickness I'm getting the
main issue I'm having with this mandolin
is I like having that runway to really
make sure I'm applying even pressure
before I get to the blade and kind of
like luge down the surface so and here I
I don't totally have an ability to do
that because of this maybe I can adjust
it a little better
I don't have it oh my god hold on I just
did something so dangerous I took this
piece off and wondered to myself what
was this doing there and realized it was
covering up these things so I suppose
that was there for a reason
mandolins are feared in the kitchen I
think and for good reason
you can really really do some damage
with the mandolin but like anything it
just takes a little bit of practice and
common sense okay so I just adjusted it
to try to make it a little bit thicker I
think so I'm gonna start with this
straight cut all right these look really
really good the thickness is great of
these they're really even the ridges
look great I have three main variables
and I've identified so far one the
thickness of the potato slice two the
length of time that I boil and three the oil
temp so I want to do a couple of tests
where I play around with each of those
variables and see what yields the best
results and the first test is going to
be boiling two minutes and then into three hundred twenty
loyal and then I'll make adjustments for
the further tests if I need to okay
these are coming out
you're not as translucent as before
they're not quite as opaque as the
original the ridge size I think looks
great very spot on the translucency
really comes from just the amount of air
that's in there and I think that maybe
that's still from boiling too much these
tastes really good maybe there may be a
gourmet ruffle is a lighter more
translucent more delicate Jojo I want to
try another test where I boil them for
one minute and see how that affects the
texture overall I'll save it I'll say
that
[Music]
this to me looks more opaque than the
previous versions he can actually could
be a tiny bit thicker and I think that
the one minute plunge into the boiling
water was was a good adjustment and I
think three twenty five is a good temperature because
I'm getting a minimal amount of color
but not too much browning
I think the bridges are really good
there's kind of a ring just inside the
edge of the chip and there's kind of the
same thing happening here you can see
that that's a good sign
I think that was a really good test
getting a little bit closer and
criminally I think for the very first
time ever I'm actually changing one
variable at a time just going to do the
same test one minute blanch into the three hundred twenty five
oil and I'm hoping that's going to be
the sweet spot okay so actually these
were in the fryer for three minutes show
it off crispy Wow I think these are very
successful good color
great texture crisp all the way through
a nice pretty even golden color so good
delicious gonna make more
so at this stage I'm blanching in
batches so I'm just gonna throw in a
couple handfuls this is insane but I
might shrimp off that flat side just a
little bit look a little bit more
regular in terms of shape so while I
focus on the next step which is making
the powders to flavor them I want to put
these in the oven that I set to
dehydrate to really dry out and make
sure they stay really crispy I'm putting
them in a lower temperature so that they
don't burn we all know what happened on
Doritos it's very upsetting they get too
dark to think I checked on them one
minute ago and they were fine oh no I'm
not remaking them just like so well
something had to happen I'm not going to
make the mistake I made before and burn
them at the last minute while the chips
are dehydrating I'm going to focus on
the powders so I can create a couple
different flavors of chips thank you so
I was thinking that the flavors will be
sour cream and onion plain of course and
then all dressed which was what's such a
discovery and a very craveable flavor
I'm gonna start with sour cream and
onion so we have two dried chives
we also have hundreds our cream she's a
very cool ingredient some onion powder
this flavor is good to go
salt and vinegar is really just vinegar
powder the salts already on there next
is all dressed so I'm doing a
combination of smoked paprika and sweet
paprika some garlic powder some chili
powder and ground mustard pinch of
cayenne just for a tiny bit of heat and
also some black pepper this flavor is
also sweet so I want to add some
powdered sugar peas it's finer than
white sugar now I'm adding a little bit
of tomato powder I'm going to add some
of my sour cream and onion some of the
distilled white vinegar powder my goal
with the aldress seasoning is to nail it
I want to try to exactly replicate or
get as close as I can to the original
because I truly don't think that can be
improved I think that's good just for
ease of sprinkling I put just the plain
white vinegar powder in its own
container and now I have my three
flavors sour cream and onion all dressed
and salt in vinegar and now I want to
check on the chips
hopefully they haven't burnt to a crisp
just the crisp part I mean feel pretty
crispy very crispy I feel good I think
I'm ready to coat them I think I'll use
a little sip to just them so this is
sour cream and onion and now thank fault
Minnie girl and now the rest of these
will be all dressed
I think I'm done what else is there to
do
besides taste I almost feel bad that it
was not that I didn't work harder it
just wasn't that hard this is a potato
chip I guess I shouldn't feel bad they
look very similar to the original I'm
very proud of them
I'm proud of them but I would have been
more proud if I'd worked harder it was
kind of the easy come easy go you know
but I did make a lot this is the zoo
though a record in terms of yield for a
gourmet makes I think to make a potato
chip more complicated than it is is a
mistake so I think if this was in a pro
trouble shot this one appropriately and
put in the correct amount of effort the
the all dressed
there's better what is your favorite
flavor a potato chip sorry okay I think
you should try one of these Ben which
are sour cream and onion
there's the ingredients potato salt and
oil easy simply what I'm thinking all
dressed yes yeah these are sour cream
and onion do you want to try it this is
your favorite flavor yes I want you to
try that one I picked that one for you I
know clothes thing I'm usually rolling
ladylike yeah
to see Oh Andy you want to smell it
competitive all right Chris crunchy
sound is making me feel good it's a salt
vinegar
okay I'm going good you up at the
barbecue
actually it's all dressed which is very
barbecue forward but it's the
combination of all the flavors did you
win it
these are great the shape is so perfect
it's really perfect yeah
all I just use potato this is a one hundred percent
nailed thank you always what I want to
hear no one's a winner oh yeah I think
out of every single for me makes that
I've done this has been the easiest I
guess and said another way it's been the
the smallest amount of trial and error
it was like right off the bat I made
something reasonably close and it was
just lots of really my new tweaks and
that was it oh I don't want to challenge
the next one let's just do more like
this perfectly fine can all be here half
the amount of time it normally takes is
it better to not work that hard and not
be that satisfied or to work really hard
to be exhausted and somewhat more
satisfied I don't know basically there
was no way to win on this show
here's how you make gourmet ruffles feel
several large russet potatoes in store
submerge in a bowl at room temperature
water fit a mandolin with a crinkle
cutter blade and adjust the thickness to
a couple of millimeters shave off a thin
lengthwise piece from one side of the
potato to make a flat cut side I'll bend
the potato press the cut side against
the side of the mandolin and rapidly
glide the potato across the blade
aligning each time to make even ruffled
slices store the slices in water as
you're working in batches cook the
slices and rapidly boiling water for one
minute
transfer to a towel lined baking key
with a spider pat dry cut around the
edges of the scissors to round off the
flat side its fry in three hundred twenty five degrees
Fahrenheit vegetable oil for three
minutes until golden around the edges
and crispy transferred to the paper
towel line tray and season generously
with kosher salt place on our rack and
dehydrate until completely crisp for the
sour cream and onion flavor combine sour
cream powder onion powder and milled
dried chives to taste food fault and
vinegar just needs to stilled white
vinegar powder for all dressed who mine
sweet paprika smoked paprika chili
powder ground mustard cayenne onion
powder black pepper tomato powder
powdered white vinegar powdered sugar
and a sour cream and I need Nixon tapes
dust the chips generously on both sides
with the flavors powder of choice listen
good easy when that was easy
yeah it's nice she got a break next time
give me a challenge yeah what's the next
one it's like oh my god it's gonna be
impossible are you gonna make something
coca-cola yes yay also I love my mom

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Sour Patch Kids | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
you want to taste this at your gas in
it's pretty sour okay oh my god you
better water everyone I'm Claire I'm in
the BA's kitchen and today I am making
gourmet sour patch kids this is not my
best category of candy but I like sour
okay that this will look like children
that makes these more disturbing than I
remember
well I remember mmm
they're good they they just crossed over
into being not good
it's like person was pretty good second
one's pretty good third one would
probably still be okay and then a four
hundred bad I love the like mouth
salivating sour coating it has a very
chewy texture the coating I'm ninety nine point nine percent sure
is an extra sugar and citric acid and
that's it so there's no flavor in the
coating the flavor is the gummy part
itself they once oh they're hugging same
thing deserve it sighs fire I don't love
sour and flaky
these are really weird I don't hate it
but they don't like it wow this is a big
bag I don't know what these are these
are watermelon sour patch kids but
they're not in the shape of kids they're
in the shape of watermelons they're good
I wish they were more sour not really
sour extreme sour I'm super excited
about this I love sour oh wait okay now
it's happening oh it's good
no no what red is you don't like that I
love that oh you are not gonna like the
final one then don't have the only
flavor than that Oh what are you kidding
Delaney oh my god you did the best one
the watermelon wrong I read love codes
via regular ones you eat a whole bag cut
your toe oh yeah
like sandpaper example yeah just keep
going up it's like a chemical exfoliator
here ones last time you had one not that
long ago actually so my younger child
Cosmo is actually coming to work
tomorrow because it's summer and camps
are done and he is a sour aficionado he
fancies himself like a real sour like
he'll eat a whole lime oh wow the most
important thing about it is the texture
it's right now perfect chewy
I know perfect it's very hard say that
right now can we just talk by the shape
real quick yeah I don't like that
they're in the shape of first I mean
they're supposed to be the shape
children
yeah why why are they called sour patch
kids there has to be some character what
what do you want in the shape of
watermelon that's your job all right
we're gonna clear this off and I'm gonna
take a closer look how I used to carry
through this when I worked in a
restaurant I always get yelled at so you
at least line them closer
thank you all right we got some we got a
Roy Roy Roy jib you've red orange yellow
green blue I'm gonna know that yellow is
lemon and orange is orange but green
blue and red tick who knows could be
it's anyone's guess I have the best idea
ever
let's trace Cosmo and use his shape I
think will be very fun also I don't know
how I'm gonna do that I want to taste
each of these components separately it's
really only sweet there's no sour flavor
at all and some vague fruit flavoring
I'm gonna taste another crystal coating
I can say definitively citric acid and
granular sugar that chewy texture I know
it's gonna be difficult but there's
really just one task everything else is
just kind of assembly and is not so
challenging time for my favorite part
reading the ingredients sugar shocked
invert sugar corn syrup modified corn
starch are Taric acid citric acid
natural artificial flavoring yellow six
red forty yellow five blue one
sit yeah we gotta do some research to
the computer this has they were
originally created under the name of
Mara's men in eighteen eighty five they were renamed to
Sour Patch Kids likely to capitalize on
the popularity of Cabbage Patch Kids
makes sense
oh my god okay this wait this would be a
article from two years ago how to make
oh okay how to make citrus candy tastes
like sour patch kids candy
so this is basically about a pastry chef
who was candied such as peel and then
tossing it in a sugar citric acid mix
and candy peel does have that kind of
chewy texture it's a really interesting
idea a method that I'm thinking about in
my head to take a combination of citrus
peel and green apple and that may be the
dehydrator and like create something
like a pet a flea which is a natural
like fruit gummy and see if I can get
something close to that texture I don't
know that's gonna work but it might come
close enough and be so radical that we
are just impressed and well it just kind
of what Cosmo says but it could work I
don't know what the process is gonna be
yet in my mind I'm thinking of two main
components one is candied citrus peel
and one is green apple jelly which is
what I used to start gushers and I'm
gonna start by making the green apple
jelly I need three and a half pounds of
apples I and now I need seven cups of
water
I'm leaving the peel seven feet all
intact the first step is to extract the
pectin from the apples so I just simmer
them in water all right I can't make
green apple jelly on account of there's
no gasps it's me bitched out to get me
okay I need thin sheet metal like real
thick okay let me back up I need to make
my own cookie cutter yeah I'm gonna no
no I'm gonna take a strip of metal and
bend it into the mold that sounds great
to maybe be an angle these have been
cooking for forty minutes the idea is that
the pectin has been released from the
fruit so I'm straining out the solids
because I don't like clear jelly I just
want the clear liquid with all the
pectin in it that's what I should do is
let this sit overnight and this will
keep straining in the fridge and
tomorrow when we come back
add the sugar cook that down and then
don't move on to the citrus peel but I
have no idea that's gonna work and it
might be a complete failure so I don't
know I'm gonna reserve judgment until
tomorrow I feel like it's day one point five yeah
thank you I'm thinking that I can make
like a patch of flee from the pith of
the citrus which is very very very
bitter but through a series of LAN ching
and cooking in a sugar solution it
becomes soft and also sweet and that
some of the bitterness is taken out the
question is how to get something that is
the texture of citrus piss into
something smooth and punchable I don't
know I don't know I'm not gonna work but
let's try it in this pot is that apple
mixture that ice cream last night
and now I'm adding sugar and this is
cooking down and it will feel very firm
while the apple jelly is cooking I'm
going to break down my citrus and start
to take cream peel off oh my god hi hi
Cosmo when's the last time you had a
sour patch kid for me it's been a little
while oh yeah this is Cosmo your mom
told me cause one that you really like
sour so I'm gonna try to make them even
more sour than sour patch kids one thing
I think would be cool with a homemade
version is if we really make the shape
more lifelike so I thought maybe we
could use your outline as the shape to
cut the sour patch kids too and I don't
have a plan yet it's just an idea so
might not work you were just doing now
all right so that's good one that's good
there's a profile
[Music]
the ball awesome this is my apple jelly
I'm gonna do I want to do a test on this
I have some plates in the freezer cuz
that's on your test for this set so when
I run my finger through it it's supposed
to wrinkle see it wrinkle it's done and
now I'm gonna focus on my citrus I think
that I would do I might do a lime flavor
a Meyer lemon flavor and the lemon I
might do cherry cuz we have some cherry
juice I'm gonna try that what I need to
do now is blanch all of these separately
three times in boiling water three times
three it's kind of a process this whole
thing might not work and I might have
spent the entire day of working on it
for nothing
[Music]
click so once it's boiling I'm gonna
bring it over to the sink drain the next
step is to juice the citrus fruits that
I've left over and use those as a
flavoring Cosmo
give me a hand punch and hop up right
here you know there's a little step
store for you so you can just start
throwing the limes at the top right
there
then this oh now I know I'm ready three
yeah I didn't know you have to do all
this this thing is like a real high-tech
kind of gadget I'm in against two-thirds
of a cup I don't know I feel like I'm
doing it wrong awesome that was fun
thank you for your help let's see where
we are I have all of my blanched peel
and I have my juices and zest feeling it
very organized at least I'm going to get
this in a food processor and chop it up
into little bits it smells so good I'm
adding the lime zest I'm gonna add all
the juice that we have and now the equal
weight of sugar so one hundred sixty grams sugar okay
now I'm gonna get this over onto the
stove as I cook it the sugar will
dissolve they become sweet and
translucent and softer
I have no idea what's gonna happen I
don't know if it's gonna work best-case
scenario is I get a very set very firm
very delicious paste that I can spread
into a layer and it sets and I've like
made sour patch kids this is a wild stab
in the dark
hot-hot let's my nephew boom mmm oh my
god but ashes
good right like it's bitter but it's a
nice bitter sweet tart balance it's very
limey good right all right cool all
right I'm gonna add to this some of the
green apple jelly what a pretty color
right who knew this gonna turn into this
color I do not it hasn't fully set that
you can see even now it's really really
thick so I feel good about adding this
as just a boost this is already getting
very very thick that's one drop of leaf
green gel a mint green yeah it's not
that far off the texture is like it's
rubbery in a good way and I think it's
because of that it's gonna set up pretty
firm so we have to just wait and see oh
just like a lonely chicken hanging out
excited to check out the green the green
slime it's just like those discrete
pieces of Peel so it's a little granular
soothing minute toss this in some citric
acid a city so sour
to sour
oh it hurts my teeth oh I'm gonna try
cutting this into pieces and then
dehydrating the pieces Bragg got a new
dehydrator that he told me I could use
but he had something in there so I have
to make sure is he here
what's he even got in there oh he's
making fish jerky I didn't want this to
be in with the fish
it smells we have to get the old one I
think Ivy's in here on I guess medium
high just where it is now this is like
old reliable this dehydrator it served
us well and gourmet meats it does its
job
it's just bulky and clunky while this is
dehydrating I want to try I want to try
actually the cherry batch that I'm gonna
make with the lemon but I'm gonna use a
different assembly method where I
basically blend it first before I cook
it at a server solution to try to get it
very very smooth
all right it's pretty it's pretty smooth
it's obviously much smoother than before
so before I did fifty grams of jelly to
about one hundred sixty grams of the toilet link it
matters whatever this is on its way this
is to really reduce down I don't know if
Lucario is gonna do anything it's not
gonna be the same this is cherry flavor
that we've used it's not the most
natural I'm more concerned by the
texture which is still pretty bit see
but definitely get cherry lots of good
lemon flavor and not really terribly
sweet at all this is going going to go
into the fridge thank you
so everything is sticky and it itself
off and what I have left is the Meyer
lemon peel the issues so far our taste
and texture which is all of them but now
I have to address the toughness of the
texture so I think I'm going to
pressure-cook it in some water to try to
soften it to the point where I can
really puree it she's gonna go on high
[Music]
I'm gonna feel these now cut I think
that actually worked really well now I
want to blend it to get it really smooth
very hot so they try not to burn myself
looks pretty good I mean it's a puree
there's a little texture to it but other
thing looks better than before oh no
something got in it what is that oh
what's happening I also have another
idea I know I was talking about how I
don't want to do that cooked sugar thing
but this texture this is something you
get from cooking sugar to a certain
candy stage what I might do is add to
that like a cook basically cook the corn
syrup and combine them and let it set
this is nice and thick
I like made caramel okay taking this out
oh god oh god I need floss okay okay so
the sugar got too hot the corn syrup got
too hot and then there just isn't a lot
of volume in this bowl and so it the
paddle was picking up the sugar before
it could hit the fruit and start to
incorporate but I think more than
anything is the temperature issue Oh God
okay I want to try this again basically
and incorporate a couple of changes to
mess it overall as a parting thought
let's check on our lime mixture in here
Oh a little bit of Bounce do you want to
taste this yeah you can just you don't
have to eat the whole thing
don't ya right
it's like sweet bitter sour the textures
kind of weird it's like there's lost
like little pieces in there
I don't know about that math but but
yeah thank you I think if this works
it's like true innovation and that's
exciting but it's also big if I'm proud
of my method overall if not the result
it's day three two and a half
technically you it's really wet it's not
really super elastic it just is it's
more brittle I do have to work on the
texture significantly today the flavor I
like so I have to obviously come up with
a different method this time last time I
finally graded the zest juice them so
I'm skipping all that to save time and
I'm just going to do the citrus hats
whole
[Music]
here's all my plants citrus when a
pressure cook them one at a time so
first I'm going to start with the limes
I'm gonna go fifteen minutes and the pressure
cooker on high sorry you know someone
needs a step look at this on high okay
it's very fluffy just does that work a
lot of air into it you can see how
smooth it is but there are still some
particles in there so I'm gonna force it
through a fine-mesh strainer into a
saucepan this is called a chinois this
is a really useful tool for straining
thick mixtures like this should I taste
it real quick it tastes really bad it's
gross but there's no sugar in it it's
like eating a whole lime that you
blended so I want to add fresh lime
juice because I wanted to have a fresher
lime flavor and then I'm going to add
sugar cook this down like I did on day two
I could be spending hours on this and
have it not work it's not an ideal while
the lime mixture is cooking down I'm
going to pressure cook my remaining
citrus here's everything I'm gonna just
set this aside here is my cook down lime
mixture it's very like congealed split
pea soup
that's good the sweetness helps balance
it out a lot going to do the cook sugar
and mix it together so the sweetness
will increase on day two I cooked only
corn syrup I'm going to do a mixture of
corn syrup granulated sugar and water
this time because that didn't go so well
I'm gonna cook it to two hundred sixty degrees Fahrenheit so
I'm looking it we're close it's okay
that's ready all right so I'm weighing
out two hundred grams actually we're gonna add
some of this oh wow oh yeah it doesn't
look fully incorporated maybe try adding
a tablespoon of corn starch see if that
does anything sometimes corn starch is
just the answer is the cord search will
help absorb some of the moisture
honestly I do feel like that looks
better
I think the corn starch sort of found it
and like not emulsified it but just
brought it together I'm surprised the
mixture doesn't seem to be firming up I
expected it to start to harden much
faster okay well it looks pretty weird
it's not as smooth as I was hoping I'll
check back on it in ten minutes or so
just to see what the texture is okay so
it didn't I wouldn't say that it's set I
would say that it stayed very goo like
some help
adding hard sugar to a firm mixture it
became wetter it seems like I've defied
the laws of physics here I really don't
get it I didn't really think was gonna
work so in some ways it's what I
expected but I was hoping that it was
gonna work so I am also disappointed so
now I don't know
gelatin code the gelatin route and see
what happens I think I might have to do
some research
yeah well I think I'm gonna Google so
one thing I've found on this website a
little bit down the road when I have an
actual thing to perform into Sour Patch
Kids once you have the cut pieces of in
this case paddock we this just soak them
and enough Everclear to cover before you
roll them in a coating of sugar is that
ever clear desiccates the candy forming
a leathery skin on its surface that will
keep the rolling sugar from turning
sticky and syrupy for several hours I
guess I wasn't aware that Everclear is
the brand of alcohol I just know it's a
very high proof they sell basically just
grain alcohol which is one hundred ninety proof that
right Everclear enjoys tremendous brand
recognition and a loyal and near cult
status following that's the description
what are they gonna do like give like
tasting notes like the grain alcohol
that was the only tip I've really picked
up from that let me do a proper test
with corn syrup the fruit the fruit
juice to get everything to spin and and
the apple jelly because I want
everything really well incorporated
before I start to cook it down so this
one I'm going to try lemon instead of
water I'll use some that cherry juice
and the new plan is put everything in
the blender and then cooking I like this
plan better
all right I'm going to take this over to
the stove and once it reduces down
I had a thermometer in this mixture it
cooked down a lot and then I turned it
up then I walked away and then it kind
of burned and it also never got up to
the right temperature so I think it is a
failure let's just see so I want to pour
this out of the pot so that I don't
scrape any of the offensive burnt pieces
with it it does not look good this thing
will be soaking for a while Asha is kind
of pretty I want to quickly try to whisk
in a little bit of food coloring I'm
gonna put in just like a drop of cherry
flavor do a quarter teaspoon of citric acid
smells very cherry Oh remember next time
not too hot what is it he's burnt
what a tingle
okay
made me feel like I was gonna pass out
for her sighs I think there I put I put
too much cherry flavor okay maybe that's
it
I also burned it a little but the
bitterness is also that it's whole lemon
in there oh that explain it does that
make you feel better that makes me feel
better but maybe it's gonna be great you
know maybe like dust it with sugar stamp
it out call it a day call it a day
[Music]
texture is not right rota help me
but I'm afraid that I'm reaching the
point where I have to scrap three days
of work and start over how are you gonna
shape it I'm so far from having decided
on how I'm gonna shape it so it's more
sugar no no it's not very sweet so
bitter and sour sour bitter it tastes
like cherry cough medicine kind of doing
great though you're definitely on the
right track don't show this part dude I
just don't think it's gonna work I think
that this whole thing is a huge waste of
time it's so hard
don't whisper I mean I'll do you want to
trade can we trade do you want to smell
like this it's not that bad well so
where are you at right now what's going
on
I seem discouraged son I have no I have
nothing to show you it's just one failed
batch after another are you doing wrong
I couldn't even tell you oh I'm so sick
of eating steak it's so great to have a
little fruit there you go you're gonna
feel great okay I will try really go in
there and fries can we if I try it we'll
see what happens okay yeah what we
you're oh you're on deep fry I don't
really want to do that what's the next
one
[Music]
we're trading places yeah there you go
[Music]
couple to talk to yourself I'm a lefty
juice they're gonna know oil
all right ready Oh God
Oh God thumbs up okay ready it's hot
over there
[Music]
thank you thank you
[Music]
I'm feeling like brakes are very
important when you hit a road block and
it was good to go over there and be a
meal for five minutes but then I came
back here and I still don't want to do
it so it didn't really help the texture
is so wrong with pureed citrus it's like
maybe that's just not the way to go I
think I have to just scrap this plant
even though I did spend two days cooking
with citrus and try a version I don't
know
try version of just juice just lemon
juice I have limes here already cut I
might as well try lime so maybe what
I'll do is juice apple jelly sugar corn
syrup let's start at two hundred forty and we can
always increase okay
try to pour this out onto the parchment
certainly the texture is smooth and they
slide it onto a tray up in the fridge I
feel good about that actually all right
look at this mixture it's definitely
different than before I mean this is the
opposite the problem I was having like
this has a dramatic sort of pull texture
will try pectin I kind of forgotten what
that texture of like stretchy sugar is
like and it's not what we're going for
I'm innocent mineral let's see they goo
[Music]
no the goo is still goo you said you
were about this
okay well after nearly a week in the
fridge it has not firmed up at all it's
still mush I don't act I don't want to
look at it
this new method using mostly sugar and
corn syrup but then also gelatin and
pectin in combination it sounds like a
generally sound method to me but it does
involve drying them and some of the
resources I read said you can do that in
dehydrator so we'll try that and we're
also going to try that grain alcohol
idea to really dehydrate the outer
coating what's not ideal about this
method is that it does rely on flavoring
agents like flavoring oils not a more
natural fruit derived flavor but it does
let me introduce juice so that's that's
a bonus Oh Concord okay that could be
fun
yeah you know a great flavor a sour
cherry flavor and then I can do the
other the citrus flavors red yellow
orange have to get a mixture of sugar
and corn syrup into a saucepan this
mixture is just sugar and corn syrup and
a little water to encourage it to
dissolve and that's it then my Petri net
gelatin measured out and I want to start
hydrating the gelatin in the fruit juice
I think I'm going to start flavor-wise
with grape so this one this one will go
completely solid it's already on its way
all right where our two hundred seventy I'm just gonna
pull this off you we can keep talking
this just has to sit here what is this
just some cooked sugar oh very good it
is happy birthday that's the gift you
can give me yes my gosh mytilini have
fun happy birthday so I'm adding my
citric acid by gelatin mixture jeez and
now my food coloring I'm gonna add a
little bit of eggplant and a little bit
of the other purple so the idea here is
that the heat from the sugar syrup is
melting the gelatin okay now I'm gonna
pour it out onto my parchment you can
see it's definitely starting to set up
already
Oh God okay
[Music]
I'm very glad I greets this parchment
I'm just trying to cut strips
approximately whatever this is by
whatever this is I can't I can't
remember what the sizes were these I'm
going to put in the dehydrator I
shouldn't see what's happening in here
what happened so that happened what
happened was they melted because of the
gelatin I think we have to put do it
cold but put them in front of the fan in
the fridge in the walk-in it's all up
here maybe if I put it yeah yeah this is
a good spot
so the other thing that I want to try is
I want to see what happens when I put
some of this mixture in that grain
alcohol that we got so this is Everclear
one hundred ninety proof grain alcohol it's going to
pour a little bit of this and I'm not
exactly sure what the chemistry is
unclear if it drives it out just on the
surface to create kind of like a skin or
if it really dries the whole thing out
but let's let's try it I don't know the
dream of a sour patch Cosmo is going
getting further and further away there
are certainly no kind of prefab silicone
molds that fit the bill we're better off
just punching them out
look no do you read math man it's huge
if you look at overall area yeah this
one's bigger but it's not crazy this one
is the best one so far this one is maybe
perfect it already looks like me a
little person I just have to thin out
those arms really does little your ghost
the only thing left to do is make more
of our sugar mixture so I think I'm
starting with lemon orange maybe I'll
just
it's like hockey puck of pectin and
so basically I want to bring this up
again after I add the gelatin into the
saucepan and agility
I have a feeling it's not fully
dissolving all right citric acid maybe
one drop of cherry flavor one goes to
super red food coloring that looks
pretty good let's look at the cherry
such a firmer now so I just popped it
out I want to try punching out some of
the shapes oh my god it's so bouncy I
can't even press this down into it oh
there we go let's do that a thousand
more times it I made it it's the sour
patch penguin oh it's not that bad
well what if I hold on I have such a
good idea well I just figured something
out which is the reason sour patch kids
have no arms is because all of these
limbs want to stick to themselves and
each other really bad so I think if I
continue to make these I have to start
soaking them immediately in the green
alcohol so that the outside dehydrates
and then they become less sticky so I'm
just gonna go ahead and make a couple
extra flavors to have around me to taste
this will now go into the fridge well
it's still doing that lemon is good this
one's good well this is coming down
let's go into the walk-in and just check
on the ones they're drying okay I'm
gonna try
they are very chewy they still you know
they're still pretty springy but overall
I think I think the step of drying it is
a good one and maybe I should leave all
of these batches in the walk-in with the
pan on them overnight thank you
all right it's now been several hours in
the grain alcohol they're really not
sticky at all on the outside so this is
a great technique I think for making
sure they don't stick together once
these three new flavors are set I'll pop
them out of the pans I've put them on a
sheet tray and get them in the walk-in
to really dry out and then tomorrow the
plan is to cut them so if them in
alcohol I think and then coat them in
the citric acid mixture and then we're
right and then we're done all right so
it's hard to tell if they've really
tried out or if they're just really cold
they feel very firm more I think the
orange more than the others I want to
taste the orange the orange one looks
really good I think maybe the best one
yet and it is doing a little bit more of
that whole flavors good it seems like
the most successful batch yet the flavor
is better and then this is the first one
I made the sour cherry you get a nice
pull but not like a crazy long stretch I
don't think that I would gain anything
from making anything over again I'm
really happy with these so I want to
focus on cutting out shapes you want me
this is Cosmo as I can get we did this
like weeks ago when I thought I was
gonna be better at this so we're going
to just take a few liberties and say
that this is the shape I don't even like
the shape though I'd almost rather do
this one and make them really big it's
just so much easier to punch out
something this size you know I forgot to
grease it it's not bad I think it's kind
of cute it looks more like a baby all
the sour patch kids are just gonna be
the larger kind more like this one all
right now I'm going to into production
mode cutting all the shapes getting them
in here - as I cut out each one I want
to start soaking them in the grain
alcohol because it will prevent them
from sticking to each other so while
these soak I can at least put together
that's our coating so that's one part
citric acid let's try two parts sugar
know that I think it's good we're gonna
go with this I'm just wondering if I
should try to flavor the coating for
each one I feel like I haven't done my
best work so far and maybe this is my
only opportunity to to impress alright
so I'm gonna make three different
flavors of the coating lemon orange and
cherry I'm just gonna get everything in
the dehydrator in small bits and then
once it's dry I'll pulverize it in a
spiced friend hopefully nothing bad
happens
try enough I think I'm just going to add
all of the lemon to one here's orange
give it a little taste but really so I'm
ready to start the coating Oh
[Music]
these little guys it is an enormous size
[Music]
do they need double coats well done that
was orange anyway okay finally done with
all the coating I my three flavors I
think they're done and I think they're
done because I was told they have to be
done because we don't have time to let
them dry for a week so Oh Cosmo will
love these they're extremely sour not
even that sweet on citric acid there in
the end I am proud of the relatively
clean fruit flavor of each of the colors
maybe those are that's like at your own
risk
it's quite sour the only thing that's
left is to have people taste them
hopefully they'll be kind and not too
harsh yeah they're huge this might be
like the resurface I think of the more
than that you want to weigh I'm in sea
nine point eight grams that's a lot
all right let's see what one of the big
guys fifty five point eight it's like you're getting a
deal yeah exactly I love a deal now I've
had a Linea a cheerio sour yeah it's
really sour too much on the coating
this is like a little sharper okay like
adults hour this feels like good I'll
take it big sharks are the flavor of
this is fantastic
thank you no I did the best I could you
really I just wish I'd done better
that's how I feel every literally every
day oh they're done but they're not good
they're very very welcome Oh
so to send one home to Cosmo with our
sincere apologies tell them that I
struggled so hard when it came time to
cut them you delivered on her on the
more sour but yeah yeah yeah actually
not a bad texture I like further to
service you do really
they have like a gingerbread man oh that
was the cutter I used good to make them
nice shape nice color great job thanks
bro - thank God for rota okay final
thoughts trying to keep it positive next
time we have to do a gummy candy I do
feel like I learned a lot this was just
sort of like very repetitive and I
wasted kind of three days of time on
that weird citrus peel idea so this one
was frustrating but now I know more for
next time
I think Cosmo is really gonna like these
because they're so so her and maybe I
should have tempered that citric acid
coating but I know that I at least have
one true fan and then as Cosmo and
that's the important things to have
pleased the people who already love sour
patch kids is great I never want to see
them again
here's how you make gourmet Sour Patch
Kids combine one cup sugar three tablespoons
of water and three quarters cup corn syrup in a
small saucepan and bring to a boil
starting to dissolve the sugar stop
stirring and clip a candy thermometer to
the side and cooked at two hundred ninety degrees
Fahrenheit
meanwhile bloom fifty grams of powdered
unflavored gelatin in a half a cup of
sour cherry lemon or orange juice then
stir in fifteen grams of pectin stir this
mixture into the sugar syrup along with
a pinch of salt then stir in one and a
quarter teaspoons of citric acid and the
corresponding fruit flavor oil or
extract until smooth pour the mixture
into a greased parchment lined pan and
chill until set
punch out shapes using your cutter and
soak the cutouts in grain alcohol to
dehydrate the surface place on a rack
and chill uncovered in the refrigerator
until very firm and chewy dehydrate
lemon zest orange zest and dried sweet
cherries in a dehydrator on high then
grind into a powder combined with citric
acid and granulated sugar to taste coat
the sour patch kids in the
correspondingly flavored sour sugar are
you ready to try the sour house mom kids
yeah
this is really good would you say to
sour nothing in six hours

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Hot Pockets | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
hot pockets are a form of the crisping
sleeve while the actual cuisine is a
stuffed bread type of food so there's
two hot pockets
both the sleeve and the actual hot
pocket do you get it
that's what I just said hot pockets are
a form of the crisping sleeve while the
actual cuisine ascends does make sense
but it is anyway a hot pocket for the
hot pocket get it okay oh my god oh oh
hey everyone I'm Claire we are in the VA
Test Kitchen and today I am making
gourmet hot pockets I've never had a hot
pocket before but I do remember the
commercials and how delicious they
looked it's basically it's infantile
pizza right it's reverse pizza in my
mind pepperoni pizza is the kind of like
original or classic but I don't is that
right who ate these are the kid is the
pepperoni like the classic okay
they call them sandwiches Hot Pockets
brand sandwiches which seems dubious but
it's like melty cheese and pepperoni and
a crust like pretty simple actually so
I've been told that the flavors of Hot
Pockets like go into the dozens so this
is what was available at a nearby
grocery store there's like ham and
cheddar meatballs in mozzarella for
cheese pizza lean pocket seems kind of
sad feels very easy to to gourmet just
use really nice cheese use really nice
pepperoni make a dough put it together
and like there's no way that it won't be
good you might just freeze them because
they okay so these come frozen so I'm
just thinking I don't have to have them
frozen but they should be fully baked
and then reheated right all right so it
comes in these like sleeves there's two
in a package not terribly impressed by
the look of the pastry on that side oh
wow
after you click it you pop this thing
down and it's like a little carrying
case for it cooking time on high Cuban
it whoo I'm excited
smells good it smells like canned tomato
or like tomato paste and try to wreck it
now they've you ever had one do you want
to try with me I've never had one either
they are one two three it was hot well I
might have been treated by the pastry
because it's kind of bready and flaky at
the same time oh yeah there you go it
seems that to me says that there's two
big sheets of pastry and of there being
there's like filling goes in and then
the two sides are getting pressed
together the pepperoni is very soft
which to me is a little bit off-putting
but in general there's nothing wrong
with this food at all this is perfect I
mean in theory but it's like it's good
so uh do you have a minute I was told by
Dan that you have an interesting some
interesting thoughts about hot pockets
well they are gonna be microwave that
was the question I had I was like do I
have to freeze these and then reheat
yeah we made it to your drive-thru the
fries thing's gonna take a long time and
I'm trying to wrap this up in like two
days really yeah so you can buy this
basically it created oh my god then you
can do you buy it like online yeah what
an interesting development can we order
some of this Rick you're not busy making
like eight different cookies right now
right Rick it's been working on holiday
cookies like a madman meatballs are not
Sorella ham and cheddar five cheese
pizza
okay wait there's a sweet there's a five
cheese pizza and a four cheese pizza
which is look at the pastry on that one
it looks like it has some spices on it
so this is advertising that it's a
garlic buttery crust if I do the
pepperoni I still want to do a season two
garlic buttery crust so there's a little
bit of filling that's leaking out so
where it kind of busted through that's
good to know so that if my version does
that a little bit I mean that can be
forgiven if the original does it too
sheilo meatballs I'm really excited
about the garlic pottery crust which
even frozen smells so good but it
doesn't look as flaky as the crispy
crust so I couldn't absolutely see a
version where I take this kind of
coating and put it on to a flaky pastry
okay so these are our five inches long
width is about two and a quarter so
there are these holes on the top that I
think are there to allow the steam to
escape the kind of punctures have closed
up and so the steam tries to escape
through the weak points which is really
the seam so that's why that kind of
busted through does happen you can
really see here how flaky the texture of
the pastry is get a lot of that there
are air pockets it's not like completely
filled like the photo has you believe
the flaky the flaky I was gonna say the
flaky pastry the pastry is flaky which
I'm kind of surprised at but it still
has a softness to it like it's not it
doesn't have that chattering crisp
texture like a croissant does I feel
like I know what I'm gonna do all right
time for my favorite part reading the
ingredients and this one's gonna be it's
a doozy
enriched flour parentheses wheat flour
malted barley flour niacin iron hyemi
mononitrate I believe in folic acid is
friendis water reduced fat mozzarella
cheese Fred easy Hoss dries part skim
milk nonfat milk modified food star
there's an asterisk
which leads to nowhere culture salt
vitamin A palmitate enzyme asterisk
ingredients not in regular yes
the asterisk indicates ingredients not
in regular mozzarella cheese pepperoni
bread this work nice salt means two
percent or less of water dextrose spices
lactic acid starter culture oleoresin of
paprika garlic powder though diem
nitrate BHA BHT citric acid brackets to
protect Laver those brackets close print
of beef tomato paste olive oil margarine
Presidency's palm oil water soybean oil
sugar mono and diglycerides soybean less
than hassium sorbate and citric acid
bracket preservative bracket natto and
turmeric color item in a metate a toast
bread this super center-left way would
be Nowell
fractionated palm oil i'm never my life
heard the word fractionated modified
food starch yeast no conditioner blend
bad stuff by the tooth calcium sulfate
vault l fifteen hydrochloride garlic powder by
calcium phosphate enzymes close
parentheses salt right gar liver spices
right onion sodium see royal whack too
late also dextran potassium chloride
your acid soy flour egg whites this
green screen is not big enough
honey let's do research I know I already
know how to make it can make it right
now we could be done today can we just
go watch the Jim Gaffigan bit yeah yeah
let's go do that
[Music]
I have a plan I'm gonna start by making
a dough and then the dough has to rise
and then while it's rising I'm going to
put together the kind of tomato base and
prep my filling ingredient and my hope
is that by any day I'll have like one
prototype just at least one version
baked for us to sample the dough is both
flaky but also has kind of that ready
texture where there's like an open kind
of Club so to get that effect I'm doing
a dough that's both laminated to produce
flakiness
and used it to get that kind of rise out
of it all right this is the dough and
I'm gonna let it rise the next thing I'm
going to do is prepare a tomato sauce so
I'm gonna to mixture up tomato paste and
whole peeled tomatoes and I'm gonna cook
my usual put a little fresh basil in it
that would be good and so I'm gonna put
it together on the stove and then
transfer to the oven and let it cook and
then I'm gonna make some tomato powder
because we have time I'm just gonna take
a little piece of bricks what is this
one okay mmm oh it's spicy he hits me
later back when I made Doritos we had
some tomato powder that we ordered from
the internet and we don't know what
happened to it so now I'm gonna make my
own I'm gonna try and I'm basically
gonna take tomato paste I'm going to
spread the tomato paste in a very thin
layer let it dehydrate and then we come
back tomorrow pulverize it into a powder
now I'm going to prep my other filling
ingredients and I can make the butter
block which I have a plan for and I'm
very excited to show you what that is
let's do the butter block next I guess
geez you're gonna throw it ah okay okay
it's not expecting any of that
okay so I have salted butter here or
making something savory and I'm going to
season the butter block which is the
thing I was excited to show you what is
that crust call him the butter or
something the crispy buttery crust I'm
just kind of guessing but I'm gonna do a
quarter teaspoon
onion powder one eighth of a teaspoon garlic
powder this is sweet paprika and several
crates of black pepper
so this butter I'm going to form into a
block and then kind of square or
rectangular you've all seen this before
what I keep saying lamination what I
mean is that I'm going to take a block
of butter and literally fold it into the
dough so that the butter is inside sort
of an envelope of dough and then roll it
out and fold it okay this is going to go
into the fridge all the dough finishes
its rise and then I'm going to prep the
remaining filling ingredients it's just
the cheese and pepperoni all right okay
we'll do a mix of the sopressata the
sweet and spicy and then unsliced
pepperoni and then I'll move on to the
cheese low moisture is important so I'm
not using fresh which has a much higher
water content and it's the enemy right
now because I'm trying to make the
filling as low moisture as possible I
literally missed your window I'll make
good deal if you bring me ham and
cheddar I'll make you I'll make your Hot
Pocket special yeah I think I'll put it
on the sleeve I'll write like Delaney
okay so I'm going to let me pause with
the filling stuff because I'm going to
go back to my dough which is risen and
take it out so I'm gonna punch it down
so I want to expel that gas because any
air in there will make it harder to
laminate so I unwrap the block and now
oh my god I just got a whiff of it
smells actually it smells so much like
Doritos nailed it okay so that's not
what I'm making
okay so I've put this on an angle like
at a diagonal on the dough bring all
these points to the center and I roll it
out you make these layers and sheets of
butter alternating with dough so that
basically creates sheets of dough
separated by sheets of butter Naumann
the butter melts that's the water that's
in there turn cystine there's a little
bit of a puffing action and you get
these like flaky buttery layers and then
now into the fridge and let's see what's
happening to our paste how hot is it yet
oh my god it's like done I made like
tomato leather so this could use more
time in the dehydrator but it is drying
out pretty easily so that's good I'll
probably check this in like a half an
hour I think it's probably it's very
close to being done okay so here's that
tomato sauce when a discard the basil
because that's done its job putting it
into a food processor to basically get
it really smooth and break up all the
solids this sauce is delicious I haven't
oh really
I feel like it like it's ten bucks yeah
that's the state of the art back in the
day I'm making I'm dehydrating tomato
paste in it to make tomato powder oh
really yeah
now how do they achieve this I gonna
take a hollow gas inside
oh that's I think just from the cheese
melting accreting oh and then falling
yeah but I'm gonna try not to get too
much on that gap yeah you just gave me
an idea which is maybe I will preform
the filling that's a good idea
yeah like compress it so that I don't
get that big air pocket in it
Superman good thinking yeah so Brad just
gave me the idea to try to like preform
the filling in two rectangles and to mix
all of it together and then maybe like
chill it so I want to grab all my
filling ingredients and I'm gonna
basically mix them all together
tomato sauce included until I get a mix
that I like and I can season that and
then I'm gonna form it into basically
like rectangular bricks what pieces this
large it might network so it could be
like a total disaster so this is not
working at all these are too large
I need like ice cube trays but that are
large and the shape of bars do we have
we have those molds that we used for the
Snickers this is gonna fall on my head
oh and almost like cracking right in the
forehead for the first time in like two
years that dumb Twinkie thing came in
handy this could work I think we're
gonna go with this so now I'm going to
weigh the filling into single portions
and then put a pan on top and weigh them
down just to get them like really
compact now into the fridge all right
now I think I can roll out the pastry
[Music]
I'm gonna cut it in half cause I'm gonna
make basically a bottom layer and a top
layer while the pastry is chilling once
again I'm going to try to make that kind
of like I want to call it like zesty
spice mix I don't really know what it is
so I'm gonna start by pulverized the
dehydrated tomato into a powder
[Music]
all right success so we got some plain
dried breadcrumbs here tomato powder and
onion powder paprika dried oregano and
I'll do a half teaspoon of salt so we
have this parmesan powder from Doritos
this was we got this for Garrido's and
we've used what like four teaspoons and we
have this entire thing left we should
mark at this there should be a thing
it's delicious and now I'm gonna bring
out both sheets of pastry the filling
and an egg to start assembling
so now filling Twinkies so the yolk is
the glue to keep the sides of the pastry
together holding the pastry over and
kind of draping it I mean they look good
I think I I do think that they're gonna
burst apart in the oven do a little bit
of egg white make sure I'm really
Banting prevent the eggs from stealing
this stuff goes on doesn't want a moving
parts of this recipe like day one we've
never done this much cooking on day one
so good about that they don't look
anything like hot pockets but they look
incredible no I do get a job again mmm
they smell so good they look so good how
good do these look it looks so good
right like that amount of seepage looks
so perfect look at the layers do we
think there's a scenario in Guam makes
where we don't care about the original
home is so good the shape looks really
nice but one thing that happened is the
layers all rose together so the height
kind of uniformly that low layers like
uniformly separated typically with a
flaky pastry that's actually a good
thing in the case of hot pockets it's
not ideal because it doesn't have that
burrito shape worth all the way around
so I will probably change the method for
forming them where I might roll a single
piece of pastry all the way around the
size I think looks good
they smell incredible they look better
than I thought they were going to they
look amazing very proud of myself I
think it's too flaky oh it looks so good
Rick I need look at it just be impressed
does it look so good Wow just get a load
of that worth it I'm in awe I think I
think it's too flaky maybe a little yeah
no no matica is day one Rick I've never
done this well on day one that's that's
sick oh yeah that's pretty good I don't
think I've ever gourmet something so
hard so my plan is the falling I'm going
to make another dough first thing so I
can get it rising I just need one I just
do you one and then while this is rising
we're going to I'm gonna make the new
butter block this time with less butter
into the fridge we also want to try
microwaving the two frozen pastries that
I made yesterday and see how those hold
up the homemade ones are obviously not
uniform in size but the overall
dimensions are fairly similar I'm gonna
use this sleeve and we're just gonna do
them one at a time
ooh this one's a little bit tight fit
it's like trying on pants that are one
size too small it's perfect it looks so
good Hey look this is homemade that was
what I was smelling yeah I know
and making some changes that might be
very hot yes I need more cheese for sure
Wow it's a wow it's a well cheese
alright I am increasing the ratio of
cheese and the filling and adding more
filling there's still just one kind of
cheese there's more of it should I add
harm all right I am gonna grate some
parmesan
yesterday there was a huge wheel at
Grana Padano that Gabi and Brad cat
Grana Padano is like a milder less salty
less expensive farm but we just have a
ton of in the kitchen and farm is very
expensive so we're using this okay I
feel good about this filling I'm gonna
set this aside and now I'm gonna go back
to my dough and work in the butter block
[Music]
but I do want to swap this out with the
pastry that's been in there since
yesterday so I can try some different
ideas about forming the hot pockets
should we get those for the Oreo shoot
no we did but you know what I did get
let me see it let me see wait not from
Whole Foods
there's no way hopefully themselves Hot
Pocket in a couple stops no and oh my
god we're doing sliced ham ham steak
okay and then a couple cheddar options
okay here's any doo-doo-doo Delaney I
need you to cut all this up
grate the cheese and we're in business
it'll take you ten minutes it'll take me
five minutes okay great
great you do better if you do it in five
minutes then we can do a little test run
with it yeah okay so here's my plan
rather than create a bottom pastry and a
top pastry and fuse them together with
egg wash I'm going to wrap the pastry
around the filling alright so this is
the pastry and this is the filling going
to wrap it
like this and so the pastry is folded
over itself on the bottom and then the
weight of the filling keeps it together
I want the top to be thicker than the
sides of the patients that when they
wrap underneath they can overlap and
then form a single thickness so I'm
gonna take this piece of pastry and roll
the ends much thinner to have them meet
underneath the pastry
oh no so far it's not working I you know
what I need is I need a thinner dowel
I need a thinner rolling pin god this is
the cutest little oh my god this is I
love this thing it's like my dream yeah
that's great oh so fast okay all right
let's try it let's try it yeah but this
is also the moment of truth for you
you're the architect here so is it
I believe in or is it I like to make
these a little long I think I don't know
my fave this okay
this is strictly a Dulaney specialty
your inclination is go for Jones I'm
gonna do a bit yeah and I'm gonna and
I'm gonna do she's on the top and she's
on the bottom this is like some deep
engineering yeah
okay so this is gonna be the bottom by
the way and now ready
I'm pretty stoked about this gift in
case you couldn't tell me too
I think it's gonna work alright that
worked pretty well and that was very
freeform I wasn't even measuring and I
didn't really focus on preforming the
filling or anything so that's what I'm
gonna do now I also want to try and
experiment where I let the dough proof
again after I form them I think that
will produce something a little bit
lighter with more of a crumb rather than
just thin sheets of dough
what is he young Alex Lanie what are you
eating what a ham sandwich okay fine so
I have a new idea for the filling rather
than those weird Twinkie molds but
something similar I'm gonna use the
plastic to form like little sausages of
the weight of filling that I'm gonna use
this is weirder Brad I'm gonna open the
oven right next to you what's he making
pop Caesars Oh what do you make that
happens good though Delaney so I did not
egg wash the side so it's funnel you
know like where I pinched off your ID
that happens in a hopper yeah I think
that's the holding fan works great and
you don't even see a seam right air
pocket huh yeah pretty great the pastry
looks good
a few looks great nice and flaky I know
I'm overachieving on this that what
we're taking over Claire show
yes mr Bingley all right so we're at
Claire station right now I brought a
couple friends along test out this hot
coffee see if it lives up to the
standards you guys that familiar with
[Laughter]
you try pepperoni when I'm nervous
this one's like a little bit softer a
little more muted you're like hey
there's someone no oh it's oh yeah every
every pot has its lid you know what I'm
gonna left it all in great chunks I'm
sorry what we could have left all the
pills on the railing we could have huh
okay yeah I like that forming method I
think it worked well wait hold on
Delaney you gotta take this with you no
I insist
you're good okay great so I'm going when
I take the pastry that I made today roll
it out and start forming them with my
failing packets and the sauce and
hopefully get some kind of finished
product before the end of the day so I
am concerned that this is not sealed on
this side in particular so I'm gonna do
a few more and in the meanwhile in the
meantime say I'm gonna cover this and
just let it sit out at a room
temperature until I've noticed that it's
puffed a little bit and then I'm gonna
bake it
[Music]
they look like they've popped a little
bit which is the indicator I was looking
for so I'm gonna put them in the oven
check them after maybe fifteen or twenty and
we'll see how they go and I'm gonna
finish forming the remaining three which
I'm just gonna chill before baking and
we'll do a side by side
[Music]
Oh
welcome back to something already
it's less crispy than before there's
still distinct layers but it's it's less
flaky and a little bit more like ready
crumb which I think it actually looks
really really good
do you like a hot pocket we had a
structural issue
oh my god flakiness flaky but also
greddy but not now like a croissant
which is like what it was before the
first version I tried was way too flaky
yeah like shatter well I had the regular
hot pocket yesterday you ate a regular
one oh they were over there
I'm like why gotta try one I thought
they were yours but then they were so
dense and chewy I can't believe you ate
one and I was like this is much better
oh my god this is the first time I've
said that something that you made is
much better than the original the recap
is I wasted a good one on Adam and I
should save it for Sola who actually
appreciates what we've been doing here
yeah the limpa the pastry looks good the
pastry has that sort of like there's a
crumb to it thank you
how do you feel about this evening and
like salt level very well
perfect yeah that's the name of the game
I feel I do feel good about these I wish
that they hadn't leached so much so
that's why we got our second batch over
there I'm hoping that those are gonna do
a little better something bad happened
there was an explosion
of molten cheese it actually Wow it's
these back same pattern as last time
there was the same the same problem with
the weak sides were they've dispersed
I'm just gonna do all this again was
after the same way for one tiny change
and make them again today is day three
there's no curse but I do have to start
over from scratch because it's been like
five or six days and I got nothing I'm
holding back a little bit of the water
because I overshot it last time I'm
making the same sauce as I did bring
around one all the same ingredients so
now I'm doing the butter block and the
second version I did worked better than
the first six ounces of salted European
style butter we have my sweet and hot
sopressata the pepperoni low-moisture
mozzarella for an empanada should we try
and make it a five cheese I'm just
speculating should we make it a five
cheese let me ask Sola Sola should I
didn't add three I make it a five cheese
because they have five cheese I'll do go
raid the cheese area so here's a piece
of parm grana maybe there's some
pecorino in the region a lot going on in
these fridges do you know if there's any
pecorino anywhere no that's okay alright
well the dough isn't gonna be ready for
a while we can probably get our hands on
some pecorino and some provolone or like
fun to like Ponte know it feels like
fancier
all right we'll go sticks I've just been
peer pressured into adding a six cheese
oh yeah okay this is gonna go into the
freezer where do we think that cheese is
cheese provolone Dan fontina no that's
reading pecorino you look you miss fun
right and cacio Cavallo so it's actually
four different cheeses and I what
there's three there so we could do seven
cheese these exploded it's your fault I
think because there's all the extra cute
I want to change up my method for this
from the last time where I was making a
little like sausages out of plastic wrap
so I might want to kind of do a mix of
what I was doing in round one and round two
which is like putting in some kind of
mold maybe and I guess put it in the
fridge and then cut it into four
quadrants or bars each one will be the
infinite one how much is the same weird
yes but not choose this is seven cheese
and pepperoni
so I didn't have enough pastry to a
really overlap around the filling
without stretch pulling it tight so I'm
I left more room for myself this time I
do feel that I'm not stressing in the
pay three as much it's just much more of
a comfortable motion to wrap the pastry
around the filling oh all right well
some of them not as big as before but
it's not good it's not good Brad I'm
really irritated Brad doesn't care I was
really hoping that there was like one or
two that didn't do this but that is not
the case no no but the dough looks good
right it looks good I wanna take a bite
out of that yeah right yeah everything
is stitch in there no not even just
smoosh it you know we never found a
video of the factory how do we know
that's not how they do it yeah that's
what I was thinking too my one
conclusion is that it's too much filling
and I have to put less filling in I'll
just cut off a piece a lengthwise piece
of the filling blocks that I've already
created but I'm concerned it's four thirty
already we got to kind of hurry
[Music]
feel really good I think it worked I
think four of them are salvageable but
I'm gonna let them keep going cuz
they're not quite done yet
all right to have hemorrhaged terribly
one that has hemorrhaged a medium amount
so that means three have had I would
same minimal to moderate boss which I
think we can work with I'm not making
these again well this is finishing let's
get that paper I'm just like to check it
out we're moving on it's six o'clock no
one it's time for this microwavable
crisping paper that was discontinued
circa nineteen ninety five demonstrating different ways
to wrap food and one of them is called
the quote diaper wrap just see it says
it right there the diaper wrap so that
says general instructions always use my
growth crisp elevation rack oh do not
use ordinary microwave cookware
all right let's I'm gonna pull them I
think it's time it's six o nine they've been in
for about thirty five minutes I think we're good
oh yeah
I'm gonna go ahead and say that these
two with the moderate amount of leaking
are fine
that one's fine now it's fine that one
didn't leak that one barely leaked I
think it's I think it's fine I have one
that didn't leak at all the table looks
a little weird quite know what happened
there but it didn't like there's no
burst seams or anything I'm gonna let
these cool and then before I go home
tonight I'm gonna throw them in the
freezer tomorrow when I come in
wrap them in the paper what do you think
it's gonna happen
second line I start a fire something
right if we don't on the rack or the car
okay it'll be fine
and we're gonna microwave them and we're
gonna wrap it up literally who wants
this fine today we're going to microwave
and taste and hopefully it all works out
I'm nervous about the microwaving I
think the microwaving could be a problem
I'm worried that there's gonna be a
cheese melt down in the hot pocket in
the microwave oh there's the rack today
Oh a piece of tape she used tape but
hitting is interesting because I was
like how do you secure the paper she
just put a piece of scotch tape on it
let's see the after what are those we
have to stop I draw the line at pork
chops I guess I should practice on an
actual hot pocket perfect
the lady in the video did it but I'm
feel a little we're putting this tape in
the microwave see how it goes I think we
can microwave it on here okay it's only
for like two minutes what could go wrong
all right
the tape it did melt the tape did melt
but it only melted onto the paper not
just the food but the paper certainly
absorbed some degrees which is normal I
mean it worked you did not work but I'm
not gonna go through this whole tracing
thing I'm just gonna make sleeves and
then fold them I don't want to put tape
on it I don't want to I don't want to
say anything about it because I'm
nervous I'm gonna use the instructions
I'm going to put in for two minutes but
maybe I'm getting today I'm gonna keep
an eye on it after one minute because
I'm very worried that all of the cheese
is going to leak out smells really good
but I'm worried that it's heating up
very quickly Oh hold on seeing some
some oils nothing's coming out of the
vents okay three two one it's pretty
good
very hot that worked out pretty well I
think it smells so good so I love I
think I did it I was really nervous for
the microwaving part it worked out
better than I expected and actually
think the Christian paper made a
difference I'm really happy with the
amount of filling it didn't leak out
there isn't a big gap between the pastry
and the filling you guys this is so good
it is so delicious
I did it yep frozen and microwaved I
gotta put one in the microwave though
because that was a lot of it I know Adam
thank you I know this show is it'll work
out oh my god don't take this the wrong
way but it smells like a hot fuck I tape
it only as a cop all right cool I'm sure
that it is
two minutes on high with the christian
bieber is the perfect amount of time for
these delicious why there's seven
different cheeses in it i'm very proud
of that battery peak oh no what else
does it say i know i think the only
thing left to say is no episode will
ever be as successful as this one this
is maybe I know it seems kind of low-key
this is maybe one of the most successful
ones I've ever done this is like a true
gourmet thing it's laminated pastry for
God's sake I think there was enough
struggle and then compared to the
success it's made for a great episode I
think so here's how you make a gourmet
hot pocket dissolve one teaspoon of active
dry yeast in a quarter cup warm water in
a large bowl and let's sit until foamy
whisk in one and a quarter cups
room-temperature water two tablespoons
olive oil one and half teaspoons sugar and
one teaspoon kosher salt add five hundred grams of
all-purpose flour and stir to bring
together into a dough knead adding more
flour as needed to prevent sticking
until you have a very smooth and soft
but not sticky dough about ten minutes
form into a ball flour lightly and place
in a large clean bowl cover and let rise
in a warm place until nearly doubled in
the side meanwhile make it tomato sauce
lightly crushed a drained twenty eight ounce can
of whole peeled tomatoes and let sit in
a colander over a bowl to drain further
cook for smash Nicole garlic cloves in three
tablespoons of olive oil and a large
saucepan over medium heat until lightly
Brown then stir and a quarter teaspoon
red pepper flakes and three tablespoons
tomato paste and cook stirring
constantly until the face is caramelized
add the drained tomatoes and a splash of
their juices to dissolve any brown bits
on the bottom of the pot then season
with salt and a pinch of dried oregano
throw in two big sprigs of basil and
transfer to a three hundred degree oven let the
sauce roast stirring once until very
thick and concentrated about forty minutes
let cool completely then pluck out the
basil and pulse the mixture and
processor to smooth it out to make the
tomato powder lightly oil a small
parchment lined baking sheet has spread
a very thin layer of tomato paste over
top place in a dehydrator set to
medium-high and let's sit until dry and
fertile break up into bits and pulverize
in a spice grinder to a fine powder set
aside when the dough is nearly Proops
make the butter block six ounces of salted
European style butter cut into pieces two
teaspoons parmesan powder half a
teaspoon garlic powder half a teaspoon
onion powder quarter teaspoon paprika quarter
teaspoon dried oregano blitz in the
spice grinder and several cranks of
black pepper on a sheet of parchment
paper to coat the butter cover with
parchment paper and beat with a rolling
pin until the butter is pliable holding
the parchment paper to make an envelope
roll the butter into a thin even square
with sharp edges still until ready to
use and the dough is proof turned out
onto a work surface and knock out the
gas Pat it into a square and freeze for
ten minutes to cool it down then unwrap
the butter and place over top of the
dough at a forty five-degree angle fold the
dough up and over the butter so it's
completely enclosed then pinch all the
seams to seal just over and under with
more flour and roll out into a long
rectangle fold the dough and thirds like
a letter rotate the dough ninety degrees and
repeat the rolling and folding process
wrap the dough in plastic and
refrigerate until firm and relaxed about
two hours make the filling combine one hundred
grams of diced pepperoni thirty five grams of
chopped sliced sweet sopressata thirty five grams
of chopped sliced hot sopressata four hundred 
grams of finely diced low-moisture whole
milk mozzarella one hundred twenty five grams of the tomato
sauce quarter teaspoon dried oregano quarter
teaspoon ground red pepper flakes and
the following finely grated cheese thirteen
grams parmesan twenty five grams Grana Padano thirty
grams fontina
twenty five grams pecorino twenty five grams aged
provolone and twenty five grams cacio Cavallo
press and cut into compact rectangles
weighing about sixty grams each and
measuring about four inches long and one inch
wide to make the seasoning mix combine two
tablespoons fine plain bread crumbs half
a teaspoon tomato powder half a teaspoon
onion powder quarter TSP brown red pepper
flakes quarter teaspoon paprika half teaspoon
dried crushed oregano half teaspoon
kosher salt and half teaspoon parmesan
powder to form the hot pockets
roll out the chilled dough dusting with
flour as needed to quarter inch thickness
cut into rectangles five and half inches
wide and about six inches long use a dowel
to thin and widen the two longer sides
type some of the extra tomato sauce into
the thicker center and place a packet of
filling over top then brush it
egg white around the border pipe more
tomato over top and fold the thinner
side up and over the filling turn it
over to the steam side is down firmly
pinch the two shorter sides together
trim off the excess and tuck underneath
place the hot pocket on a parchment
lined baking sheet brush the surface was
more egg white and sprinkle some of the
seasoning mix over top cut for deep wide
slashes and cover while you form in the
remaining hot pockets let all the hot
pockets sit at room temperature until
puffed about thirty minutes bake at three hundred
degrees Fahrenheit until light golden
brown and bubbling about thirty minutes let
cool completely freeze and microwave for
two minutes and crisping paper along with
[Music]
nineyp other hand for time for defensive
reasons on yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet M and M's | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
Jesus fan what the what is that
[Music]
that's too much perhaps a more
concentrated stream of air damn it
hi everyone I'm Claire today we're in
the bi Test Kitchen and I'm making
gourmet M and Ms M and Ms are everyone's
favorite candy right so everyone's
favorite iconic All American there's no
wrong occasion for M and Ms I eat them in a
very particular way I like to bite
really gently crack it like an egg all
the way around and then like kind of
bite off the candy coating and then
shoot a chocolate and then just
chocolate I think that there's may be no
better candy than peanut M and Ms I'm just
so good I love peanut M and Ms because
they're less sweet because the peanut oh
my god these are so seriously they're so
good I'm not familiar with the other
kinds oh I remember crispy is about
puffed rice and then what the crispy is
I mean not bad at all
hazelnut spread feels kind of fancy
caramel I want this sugar but I'm afraid
it's gonna be too sweet one is really
really good and then like three you feel
sick
Oh English toffee what makes it Thai
coconut I don't like the looks of these
I think you should try these are
emphatically not good here so I cannot
get to see what this is you'll know Oh
No coconut bubble bath one like you
accidentally lick a bubble so you have
to make me another mouse it is the
ultimate M and M interesting this might be
the first for my make swear I don't just
make the classic probably the best M
product the peanut yeah yeah here I'm
okay just try one I know of it try one
but I'm good you have to try one you can
eat a half even half is good
yeah you'll still be in baby it's so
good used to have a little shine on the
exterior okay thin crispy exterior okay
they managed to suspend the peanut
perfectly in the chocolate yeah this is
interesting
yeah I think you got just want to be a
little a little more of a challenge and
you'll pop gee hockey hockey hockey
still acordes green ass
there's lots of consensus around peanut
M and Ms being the superior mmm although I
will always have a soft spot for
original I feel better about making
peanut M and Ms than I do
regular eminence weirdly it just might
be easier to figure out like the mold
situation about with with a peanut minim
so I actually like that idea is good to
me
you're trying to bait me and say that's
not going to that Hardison later on I
can edit it so that then yeah I think
it'll be fine peanut M and Ms it's a pretty
well toasted peanut like golden brown
all the way through it's not pale it's
not always the same thickness of
chocolate all the way around the peanut
itself so like this one is a larger
peanut and this one is like a smaller
peanut thicker chocolate I'm feeling
like this gives me more license to have
them be it like a little more regular
not perfectly uniform it's just hard for
me to think of a way to perfectly
suspend the peanut in chocolate if I'm
not doing it in a mold I've got I'm not
sure about it otherwise their each one
has an M on it I would really like to
see that on video how they get the M on
it is a very very thin very sort of
shattering candy coating they are pretty
solid this one is kind of egg-shaped and
it's like at its longest point it's so
about two centimeters we're gonna get
you um what they call those uh
you can measure things just with a
little bit to two pings caliber right
one of those do you have your jeweler
thing like no problem to get it I bought
it so what you do is you put this to
your eyes and then you just focus with
this that's what I do
uh-huh where's that like four carat one
a very interesting thing that I noticed
it looks like there's multiple layers of
the bigger candy coating preliminary
layer a white sugar layer and then the
come in the color it almost looks like a
coconut like a cocoa butter coating they
make a candy coating and then a color
you think so it's nobody it looks like
in your racks it you know I mean yeah
yes Claire what are you seeing
Wow when I can't tell nothing no I can
see I'm just oh God
time for my favorite part reading the
ingredients milk chocolate read the seas
sugar chocolate skim milk cocoa butter
lactose milk fat peanuts soy lecithin
salt artificial and natural flavors
close parentheses sugar peanuts
cornstarch less than one percent palm oil corn
syrup dextran coloring includes blue one
lake red forty yellow six yellow five blue one
red forty lake gila six lake yellow five lake
blue to lake blue to carnauba wax Dom
acacia it's a lot of lake colors I've
definitely heard of the lakes are not
great for you the best thing to do is to
go over to the computer and do a little
bit of research so M and M is a flagship
product of the Mars Wrigley
confectionary division of Mars
Incorporated the candy coated chocolate
concept was inspired by a method used to
allow soldiers to carry chocolate in
warm climates without it melting and you
see a thicker layer of white and then a
thin layer of the colored coating we
watch this video now
[Music]
why do you provoke me because I just
gonna hold together very well holding
the test strip did not said so I don't
think it's tempered I feel comfortable
to have a chocolate this point you make
you do it sous-vide it does the work all
for you it's no big deal okay I think
that there's four parts to this process
one is really easy and that's toasting
and salting some peanuts too will be
tempering the chocolate and putting it
in the molds to set three will be
applying some kind of candy coating
possibly in stages and then four will be
that adding the coloring on the outsides
I can't really do a lot without a mold I
will look through where we keep all of
the molds and see if there's anything I
can work with there's anything the plan
is we'll get the ingredients and
materials we need we'll get started a
day to be confident I'm gonna be gonna
be careful be careful we're starting a
little bit later today I already had
lunch and then I proceeded to come over
here and without thinking eat fifteen
peanut M and Ms because they're so good
first if you take a look at some of the
equipment that we gather to help me with
like the fabrication oh okay I love that
overboard is just the right amount all
right this will look familiar to anyone
who remembers the Oreo episode this is
something called easy mold which allows
you to mix and form your own food grade
silicone molds so this is like mini egg
molds this could be really good for with
peanut this this is a caliper which I
didn't even really know what that was
this is what I was talking about that
was just gone
also ordered you some fancy Virginia oh
wow look at these these do look like
fancy peanuts the egg is the closest
shape we can get I think at this point
but we can also play around with this
let's do both let's do both I think I
want to start on the toasted peanuts to
start
[Music]
I'm going to think more about molds
peanut M and Ms though irregular are not
egg-shaped like they don't have like one
sort of wider end and one tapered end
the other option is making our own from
this like food safe silicone putty that
we got at Michaels
so I might take out a sort of
classically shaped peanut M and M and use
that as the mold all right there we get
there we go now I'm gonna use my molding
stuff these are the two halves of the
putty I'd mix them together when the
color is totally seamless without
streaks and then I have three minutes of
work time to create the cast and then it
needs to just sit for twenty minutes I'm
trying to press them down halfway I
don't really care how close they are to
each other totally hardened so I'm gonna
let this sit until it's cured twenty minutes
while I'm waiting for this I think work
on tempering some chocolate are you
kidding I refuse to say for the probably
twelfth time what type of chocolate is
so I'm just gonna go to the tape on that
one
just pick your episode tempered
chocolate is chocolate that is heated
cooled and then heated again to specific
temperatures so that the chocolate has a
firm snap I'm working in such small
quantities it's gonna be a little bit
easier so I feel okay about it okay so
I'm going to weigh out my chocolate
equal weights milk and dark
I like how soft and creamy milk
chocolate melts but I like the reduced
sugar and like bitter notes of dark
so these are gonna go into the water and
I'm going to wait it lifts contraption
moves water and heats it to a very
specific temperature so I have it on one hundred fifteen
I submerged the chocolate and so this is
just going to slowly start to melt this
is melting and coming up to its high
temperature point all right do the one hundred fifty
degree water is too hot to put your
hands in one hundred fifteen oh no I survived do you the
tape ever know it so know that it came
down to our low temp I'm gonna bring it
back up to our working temp which is
gonna be ninety five but once this hits ninety six I'm
gonna sit here for the next five minutes
and agitate it now let me pivot back to
the molds here's how I'm gonna do this
I'm gonna take little bits and carefully
form them around each M and M hey Brad can
you hear me a rolling pin real quick
that means B nope just one as quickly as
you can not I don't
okay I thought they were all the same as
long as it's I don't end up fusing the
two halves I feel pretty good about it
oh my I think it's stuck
I should have greased it hey how does
something bad happen don't worry there
no nice nice nice good but what happened
was the two yes the two sides of the
mold kind of fuse we wrote a rescued it
and made it better thank you
okay so here's the two halves this side
is really like two thirds and this side
is kind of one-third and they fit
together like this I do have to be very
certain that I have lined up the molds
really well but there is a way that they
that it naturally wants to fit together
so I don't think that part's gonna be
too challenging the right chip peanut
should fit very easily inside the mold
but without a lot of room on any one
particular side I'm gonna pull out one
of the bags to start working with it I
think I'm going to skip the part where I
chill one side I don't know I'm just
gonna wing it
see what happens so I'm putting a small
amount of chocolate in followed by the
peanut because I wanted to be suspended
in the chocolate and not be pressing
through to the very bottom of the mold
so I might actually end up using this
whole bag to do this half and then I can
use a second bag to fill the other half
of the impression and then combine them
question is how does this fit together
so now I'm gonna chill this and wait for
the chocolate to set come back tomorrow
and see how they look I'm so excited to
look because if it works out then we're
gonna have we'll have like thirteen
peanut M and Ms part way done
well as a first pass maybe it's not that
bad
there was definitely areas where I did
not put enough chocolate like this is a
good one I can just gently smooth out
these edges and then I have a fully
coated chocolate but the size looks
pretty good like the overall proportions
and everything I think look good Wow
suppose like a very like dim statement
but you mix peanuts and chocolate it
tastes a lot like a peanut no mmm so let
me clean off these molds I'm going to
get them in some hot water and then
start all over with the tempering
process making two more bags of
chocolate
[Music]
and now I'm going to think about the
candy coating what we learned from
watching the videos the candy coating is
sprayed on in like dozens of coatings
and then left to dry so emitting out at
the airbrush sure and see we can play
around with that
oops this is our official gourmet makes
air pressure that we got on Amazon and
we use this last for Reese's peanut
butter cups where it did not work but I
was glad that we had it as a resource if
I can make a sugar solution to make the
candy shell just the final layers of the
shell I just had food coloring to it and
build up the color that way it's what
I'm thinking Sam I'm not figure out this
down I mean I think about it
is this how does this work
hey Brad I don't know how to use the
airbrush sure the airbrush sure the
airbrush machine I don't know maybe gun
it again hold it
I'm gonna make a sugar solution and three hundred sixty
grams of sugar you're gonna need a
bigger jar okay so this looks good and
by that I mean it's clear I'm gonna
airbrush it on and then the idea is that
the water evaporates and the sugar like
recrystallizes and so eventually with
enough layers it'll look white it's my
idea okay that close because I probably
need to do that many sprays and instead
I kind of did I did more than that but
like how many times do I have to do this
to build up a candy shell that's like
one millimeter thick like one thousand times we
don't we don't have time for this let me
just try dipping it through the fan I
know oh yeah but I need like a real fan
this thing's are gone off the rails so
I'm trying to encourage evaporation this
is just the one coat it is evaporating
put it you know not getting like really
even coverage either so I want to try
rolling it in cornstarch here I'm just
gonna put this right here okay
cornstarch I mean it doesn't have really
any flavor it's doing what I wanted to
do which is kind of filling in some of
those rough areas hopefully creating a
smooth surface where everything will
cling to it think that the one with the
cornstarch did have a better coating I
don't know how these are gonna be I
might have to come up with a plan B well
this already feels like plan B plan a
was the airbrush I'd have to kind of sit
so I can evaluate I'm gonna go back to
the chocolate tempering and focus on
filling the molds these are molds are
chilled but fridge temp not freezer temp
what I'm gonna do differently this time
is I'm gonna be more aware of how deep
I'm pressing the peanut into the first
half and I'm gonna just fill more
overall
I think I'm getting worse at this
because I put so much more chocolate in
this time I want to make sure that the
molds are in fully in contact so I'm
gonna wait this down and then chill it
okay let's see oh my god they look so
good the chocolate looks good adding the
extra chocolate and making sure the
molds are really full work there are
some areas where the molds met and some
of the chocolate formed a seam probably
will just use like a paring knife to
smooth that off but these look really
good I'm really happy with these I'm
gonna do one more round alright so is it
about this this just goes on top right
now I'm gonna take a little dab of
chocolate and I'm gonna basically smooth
out the surfaces of all of these the
smoother the surface the smoother that
candy shell will be I'm gonna get my
molds out and pop out that last batch
I managed to make these look worse I put
these aside not I'm a little upset about
this this is that original mmm that I
dipped can you see really really really
really really close up there's a thin
white layer do you see that do you need
the eye loupe see the little white
outline so I have an idea about
addressing the method so it's more like
the actual method for making peanut M and Ms
which is using sort of like a drum to
rotate the candies constantly while the
syrup dries so we don't have a big candy
drum in here although I've been asking
for one for years but in the meantime
I'm gonna try to fashion my own palettes
better because of centrifugal force
balance spinner
like they won't move so I might try to
use the bowl the KitchenAid maybe I move
it at an angle I have these like rejects
from earlier batches and I'm gonna do a
test with them oh it's one hundred percent gonna crush
them oh god I just found centered in
your plan here Dan had an idea
he's a salad spinner and put the bowl in
it which I was like it's definitely not
gonna work but I think it might work the
idea is to make sort of like a homemade
candy pan where the M and Ms are constantly
in motion and they get layer upon layer
of syrup drizzled on them and then that
evaporates and because they're
constantly moving the coating is really
even anti smooth you don't want to help
I want to make a drum like a candy drum
like a candy pan yes five on one I'm
gonna add of the syrup to the bowl
Oh oh my god you know this reminds me of
like the Powerball so what worked about
that was it did get the motion that I
was looking for of like constant
agitation what doesn't work is one
there's no air circulation inside and -
I think I do read you the syrup without
boiling it to get like something like it
went wrong so this is your truck yeah
what a bad idea was Dan's idea
I think holes about as big as you can
make sure yeah but let's try this one
first let's try the other salad spinner
but don't how about we just do like this
oh god I hate the noise with that name
oh don't roll that's nice though I mean
they look kind of wet but like they are
they're getting coated they are getting
coated it's working so this test was
moderately successful I have a couple of
base layers on a portion of the M and Ms
kind of wish I was back tomorrow because
it's kind of exciting we're really
innovating here but I'm gonna have to
wait I'm taking a break from shooting
I'll be back in a month and and I gotta
go happy June everyone okay weird even
start it's been thirty days
those last year I had forgotten what
episode we were even on and then it all
came back to me in waves I started to
add the candy shell to one batch and
like they look really good and I'm going
to continue to build up that coating a
little bit more I don't think will be a
complicated process but it might take a
little bit of time because I've let them
dry in batches like coat spin let dry
and then repeat a look I think once they
yea let up like put them on a part on
parchment let them dry in between
batches sorry so what happened is it on
no these wires good is it on yeah it's
on it's just been so fast you can't see
it right but there's no air coming out
of it yeah this way a little bit
here I got a bigger fan yeah yeah yeah
leave it go in that dream okay this only
has a couple of layers on it maybe I
just do everything together
well then I got a tape I gotta tape it
okay
okay they're no longer moving damn it
did I just take it I can't really see
what's going on in there but there we go
here I think I fixed it I can't tell if
anything's happening okay I think I
probably put a little too much gear up
in there
maybe I just switch them out into a
different Bowl
get it right there thank you
I switch sides okay they look good
they're not terribly sticky which is
great so there's been sufficient kind of
drying inside the spinner and now I'm
just gonna let them finish that drying
process I think that the coverage looks
pretty good like there aren't those
patches where the syrup didn't quite
coat so I'm happy about that
they look great so you can see they have
they've started to get that bloom and
now we're just I think maybe like four
coats is a guess it could be more
[Music]
[Music]
I think I have a couple thoughts I'm
considering by the time this coating
looks fully opaque white it's gonna be
too thick there's patches where the
syrup is thicker and it's dried thicker
and it's white and then there's patches
where it's thinner and you can see some
of the chocolate through there it broke
apart a little bit but I'm still able to
see the coating the thicker parts I
think are too thick let me compare it to
an actual peanut M and M oh okay we have a
problem this is a much thinner candy
coating these are huge now they kind of
look like on Jordan almonds actually I'm
so glad I didn't do like three more
layers I have a new approach I need to
actually take off some of the show meat
maybe painting them or like rubbing them
with a little bit of water to dissolve
some of that show that might be a
horrible idea maybe I wanna do is to the
paintbrush so I'm using this paint brush
dipped in a little bit of water to try
to dissolve away some of the thicker
parts it doesn't bother me so much if
it's a little bit uneven and some parts
are thicker and some parts are thinner I
just want a smooth surface for
airbrushing I think it's not bad
I kind of given up on this plan because
I did seven M and Ms and realized that they
looked the same if not worse than the
ones that were still in the bowl so
arrived at a new technique which is
doing this a lot it's like kind of
working I mean I have what is basically
like powdered sugar in the bottom of
this bowl so I know that some of the
coating is coming off and then I'm gonna
just try to airbrush them because I'm
like we gotta move it along I mean
that's a that's a plenty thick sugar
coatings let's try to air but she's
white so we have a couple of things to
try one is this edible art decorative
cake paint which is white well I want to
see what this looks like I've never used
this before an ingredient listed is also
shall AK at least if I get this on my
clothes I'm not really staining it
well let's see it works pretty well well
what does not smell good it does not
smell good it really smells bad it does
smell like shellac
they look like little rocks it looks
like listen someone's driveway so I wish
I look better but that's about that's
par for the course I feel like my
concern is that one they're not smooth -
they're not going to taste good three
the candy coating is gonna be more
powdery than like crack kind of like
hard I don't have another plan for the
candy coating besides the one that I've
been doing so this is just how they're
going to be maybe the gourmet M
doesn't have quite the shattering
texture of the candy outside oh well
where are the other airbrush colors so
six colors I'm going to divide up the
peanut M and Ms that I have into six groups
and I guess I'll start with red I'll go
and order so oh god I think with you
guys I have to put on seven more aprons
I have a feeling that it's not going to
be the layer that I want it to be but
let's just see
the intensity of the color is good I
mean I put a lot on there but it's so
not smooth like at all
I mean can we shoot all of the beauties
as cross-sections because this looks
pretty good
even layer chocolate and even enough
looking white coating it really doesn't
like blood it's pressing me out yeah
they look amazing mix that movie and
they don't look very good I'm not
thrilled with how they look but I think
that continuing to work on something so
smooth it's just it's like a pointless
exercise so maybe I can compensate by
like making a really great M on them for
mmm but I think tomorrow I'm just going
to go with what I have and airbrush the
other colors it's not great really wish
they were smoother wrote up yesterday we
did this now that's better method it did
not work it's a craze more like a
powdery sugar coating than a like crack
hard crack kind of shattering food
colouring like settles into the kind of
textured parts and creates a mottled
finish rather than something like really
smooth and shiny like this may remind
you on the beginning you like these
because the peanuts are not perfect
themselves huh that is true or it's too
much about it being like
perfect as long as tastes amazing
like I like what you're saying I could
try to do like a thin royal icing it's
when you dip it it does leave a really
nice smooth finish thanks
always fruitful Thanks I need to devise
a system for dipping them or I don't
have flat surface because it needs to be
evenly coated all the way around
basically need a way to like suspend
these either from something or above
something while they drive ooh but what
if I
does anybody have any fishing line okay
so prop stylist often have stuff like
this little little tricks of the trade I
think I could just make parallel lines
as long as I pull it tight enough videos
dip and then place like that so it's
just there you know very gently sits on
top of these tiny little wines royal
icing is powdered sugar mixed into egg
white it dries very very hard so I might
get more of that shattering texture I'm
starting this process I'm nervous so I'm
going to dip so it like sort of spear
the M and M dip and then gently somehow
place it on to my rack so here it is so
much smoother looking that's for sure
hope it's not too thick yeah
okay I'm so impressed really yeah that's
all I care about thanks rota looking
underneath there was like a big drip so
I just have to be like don't like scrape
it
yeah but it's been like ten minutes and
I've done one so now I'm gonna go into
production mode and get them all coated
and then get them on my rack and let
them fully dry she's taking way too long
getting frustrated and bored my new plan
is just to pour the glaze over oh
because I'm I can't I'm gonna kill
myself packing Divya chuan my concerns
are that I'm not going to get coverage
on the bottom so I have to be I feel
kind of like turn them as I go
Plan C Plan C of them just dipping them
with my hands who's me I'm so hungry
who's making pasta right now
it smell like butter good news the
deviled eggs being over there our
coincides with me needing to let these
dry the process went well I think my
sense is that there aren't gonna be big
marks from the fishing line okay so here
here they are they are they're not
sticky but there is like a tackiness so
I don't really know what to think about
that but we have to move things along
gone through a few of these and I have
not that many left so I'm gonna only do
a couple of each who some of these are
stickier than others the strings worked
very well I have to say they definitely
are smoother than before but I think
it's an improvement I mean we'll know
when the color goes on I seriously I
need a hazmat suit it's really not
covering that well huh
[Music]
they look so bad how many am i down to
now it's pretty self-explanatory if they
don't look good so I think it probably
would be best practice to go back to
this allegedly a hundred percent edible
white cake paint this is the stuff with
the shellac and I'm sorry
just maybe people shouldn't eat these is
it wafting it's wafting a Kevin I hit my
head on it the royal icing was so thin
and it had such a high proportion of egg
white that it's like is it ever gonna
dry ideas be sort of coat them in
powdered sugar to basically absorb and
at accelerate drying
[Music]
if these don't look any better than the
red ones I did yesterday I quit so while
these finished drying I'm gonna move on
to the final phase which is putting an M
or some kind of stamp on it there's the
M I can't work I hate that airbrush
machine I'm a kid I was really excited
about it and now I just think it's
terrible maybe even like q-tip or
something like to dab it so here's the
stencil I just cut off the M and taped
it all around it I'm kind of action is
to use the stencil to make the letters
and the royal icing it's not it's not
bad so I can really only do this on ones
where they're dry and like these are
some of them are a little bit tacky
still
myself thank God it's her not me that
it's her I think that's overly generous
but thank you I'm so proud we'll see if
this works but thank you Chris
that means a lot there's a lot of issues
here one it wasn't dry to the royal
icing is too thick three I'm trying to
put a flat thing on a rounded thing and
that's not easy
I think if these the white paint this is
a tough one eh yeah it's pretty tough
they look fossilized I'm gonna do better
Nick the next one this just better dry
really fast
I put an M on want to get to color and
now I'm done well I clean up these will
continue to dry and then we move on to
the final tasting phase thank God it
tastes like a peanut M and M layers of sugar
I need a warm people that the food
coloring will dye their mouth it's my
arm arm her about this bread is mine a
little red I think you should yes
which one do you think it's my homemade
I wish I had almost like leaned into the
like Russ take a look I was delusional
if I thought I was gonna get like a
perfect smooth shiny coating like this
when it comes to the shape and the size
pretty much nailed it thank you I'm
happy about that I did use peanut M and Ms
to make molds to touch more bitter okay
I appreciate mm-hmm Cristina has like a
bad look on her face no I think I think
we're really good thanks but I know I
was surprised you can say surprised that
you're surprised I like the way that
she'll like kind of crumbles very gently
Annie can you see how your tongue will
all do it well I'll do it ready one two three if
you wanted to like put a glove on to
handle that I don't understand it's also
gonna die your mouth you know I haven't
done the side by side wait that cut
really well are they using like
food-grade shellac or something I don't
know what they're using what are they
that's what is the peanut flavor is
great thank you it's really nicely
developed it's there it's a president ha
ha texture uh-huh the chocolate is nice
the one thing I think I miss is just
like in the M and M it's like you get that
like the French of clear coat honestly
like so the visual is not I was that
there yeah yeah I've got like a nicely
toasted peanut in the center in the
center in the center uh-huh okay uh-huh
also I forgot this and would like to add
that it's a month old it still tastes
good
these Oh cuz I took him on a lot he'll
see this one really got me at the end
last couple days were frustrating but if
I were to do it again I would make a
couple of changes but like ultimately
I'm happy with the flavor and shape and
all that so it was a qualified success
unqualified success here is how you make
gourmet peanut M and Ms use food safe
silicone putty to create a two sided
mold enclosing a dozen or so nicely
shaped peanut M and Ms
let the mold cure separate the two sides
and pop out the M and Ms roast whole
skinless peanuts on a rimmed baking
sheet in a three hundred fifty degree oven until golden
brown and fragrant sprinkle the hot
peanuts generously with kosher salt and
set aside to cool
fill half the mold with tempered fifty-fifty
milk and dark chocolate and press a
whole roasted salted peanut
halfway into the chocolate fill the
other half of the mold to the chocolate
and joined the halves making sure that
are lined and pressing firmly put a
weight on top of the mold and chill
until the chocolate is set pop the
chocolate-covered peanuts out of the
molds break away any excess chocolate
and smooth the seams by rolling the
pieces between your palms with a bit
more melted chocolate set pieces aside
chill six or seven holes in the top of
the salad spinner make a supersaturated
sugar solution and let it cool
completely place strongly covered
peanuts inside a bowl that fits inside
the salad spinner and coat with cooled
sugar syrup stir and agitate the pieces
together constantly inside the bowl in
front of a fan until the piece is no
longer stick together
then place the bowl inside the spinner
set the spinner on its side at a ninety
degree angle and pull the handle to
rotate the bowl slowly so the pieces
tumble on to each other continuously
spin until the pieces are dry to the
touch and there is a whitish coating all
over repeat the coating drying and
spinning process four more times dip
each of the dry coated pieces into thin
royal icing and allow all excess to
fully drip away suspend the dipped
pieces on a rack made of fine fishing
twine and let dry completely using fans
to speed the process roll the dried
pieces between your palms to coat in a
light layer of powdered sugar then use
an airbrush machine to coat the dipped
pieces in an even layer of white food
coloring and let dry completely again
with the fans airbrush the M and Ms all over
with red orange yellow green blue and
brown food coloring to make equal
numbers of each color mm let dry
completely using a stencil paint a tiny
M logo on some or all of the M and Ms with
royal icing and let dry I keep having
this feeling that like I think there was
an easier way this whole time what are
your thoughts on that
no one said anything

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Pocky | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
we didn't have this as a kid growing up
in st Louis there were no Paki anywhere
you really play at this st Louis thing
Claire no I don't know I know I can say
Louis I have candy like this no we did
Oh
jujubes and Mary Jane yes yeah it's like
a vampire you just don't you kidding
I definitely age I'm in a white hair
that I've gotten on the show I mean me
first episode so now I feel great no it
was not great what it's like Obama yeah
seriously hey everyone I'm Claire I'm in
the VHS kitchen and today I'm making
gourmet Pocky I have to say I don't know
that I've ever had Pocky time I just
looked at me was like a look of horror
what you know that thing that happens
when like peoples all your friends are
talking about something and you've just
never heard of it and you're like
somehow I just missed that piece of like
cultural knowledge and everybody has
that's I have that with coffee and with
other things too oh nice packaging oh my
god look at these oh they're so like
elegant and proportion
he's not incredible oh my do people know
how good these are these are so good oh
my god why haven't I been eating these
there's something in this chocolate that
is making this so good oh my god are all
the flavors good I don't think it's
number chocolate on the biscuit because
I don't think it's pure chocolate I
don't know it's like there's definitely
something else going on with the coating
but the biscuit itself is also like kind
of it's like for how dry it is
it's like weirdly tasty for some reason
there was chocolate and then there was
this one which is just chocolate flavor
and I don't know what the dip is my
goodness these are delicious again yeah
I just tried my first Pocky never they
are so good I don't know under rock I'm
not funky I haven't tried like we
explained what I love probably I love
you got a chocolate yeah so it's this
dark chocolate - chocolate yeah alright
enjoy thank you oh my god they're so
good you here's the two so one looks
dark chocolate one looks like it's I
don't know what ooh this one it's so
much worse
whatever chocolate is it's way better
than chocolate flavor it does seem like
there's two strains of Pocky one is like
premium and then one is like a little
bootleg cuz this is strawberry and this
is strawberry flavor so I'm gonna try
these side-by-side so this is strawberry
and this is strawberry flavor they look
they're identical I think I just assumed
I think I like it but it's also kind of
as like for artificial tasting I try
matcha it's good but nothing is as good
as that
chocolate chocolate one it was pointed
out to me that there's actually a third
strawberry there's some little bits on
it like possibly freeze-dried
strawberries which I'm excited about
oh I'm really into this okay look at
that you know what amazingly I think
Pocky stands out already
as the most truth in advertising in
terms of like what's on the packaging
you know like this looks exactly like
that this is a person I've open where
the biscuit is I'm guessing chocolate
that's good because there's actual free
straight strawberry on it it tastes a
lot better cookies ice cream my bad none
of these are as good as a chocolate I
think you need to do two of the clean
ice yeah two of the boys so that means
the cookies and cream a matcha
strawberry with strawberry bits and a
original chocolate visually I like fat
the best and I think it's a good
representation of all the flavors yeah
there seems to be near universal acclaim
for Pocky this is the one that we bought
for yeah this is like the original yeah
in my mind yeah yeah chocolate okay but
taste that chocolate and compare it to
the one you just tried that one is so
much better than this one I feel like
you just don't want too much to coating
I think like the defining textural
quality of a Pocky is the snap snap I
know and you don't want the coating to
be so thick that it interferes with that
Oh a severe same great experience yes
yes I think that's very important you
know where I think I might start I might
start with the recipe that I used in
Twix for the shortbread all right I
think that's looking because I'm in a
good place with the size of the cookie I
think it's the right amount of dry which
had a little rice flour in it which is
very good for like snap do I have to get
these like little marks it's like little
grill marks on it do I have to do that I
don't think so right it just shows you
how they made it okay that's important
I'm gonna ignore that part I think it'll
be fun
yeah I agree
it's time for my favorite part reading
the ingredients so I'm just doing the
chocolate wheat flour sugar chocolate
liqueur blend of vegetable oil bread the
seasoned flour oil oil hose parentheses
whole milk powder oil shortening means
one percent or less cocoa butter artificial
flavors less ha leaflets are all polly
rice and only eight hunded eleven I think the odium bars
are a variety of hydroxide caffeine
something with sugar I'm gonna take some
measurements and do a little bit of
deconstructing twelve and half centimeters
chocolate coating is obviously it's
liquid and then it's dipped but it's
liquid because of the fat that's in it
rather than any other like moisture
source that's water-based because that
anything water-based would hydrate the
cookie and make it soft so here is the
cookie part it's just so perfectly
uniform I'm initially thinking that it
might be effective to extrude the cookie
mixture rather than roll it by hand the
pocky have like these they're almost
like little grill marks I don't know
they're maybe they're baked on like a
hot surface the overall construction is
pretty simple it's like I make the
cookie I dip it so I think at this point
the most useful next step will be
research so it'll go over to Gabi's
computer let's see what what gift pedia
says this is the first Pocky was told in
nineteen sixty six imagined by Yoshiaki coma oh my god
they have a men's Pocky says Pocky is a
very popular Treat in Japan especially
among teenagers interesting the name
Pocky was inspired by the Japanese
onomatopoeia for the snapping sound made
while eating Pocky sticks Oh Pocky
factory tour let's watch this video
oh wow
oh my god that's so satisfying to look
at given the way that their dough looked
I think a pasta extruder is a good
possibility for super uniform even like
ropes my plan of attack is to work on
the biscuit first my starting point is
going to be the recipe that I used in
the Twix video for that biscuit because
I think there's like a lot of
similarities and and in texture overall
and then once the biscuit is done and
dialed in I'll then work on the flavor
coatings I'm gonna mix up the batter so
we're a little short on the rice flour
I'm just gonna compensate by adding
cornstarch I'm dialing down the sugar
because I don't want this to be
particularly sweet at all I'm not gonna
be able to extrude this like that dough
in the video was so extensible and
elastic and this shortbread is not but I
think I think I have an idea I want to
add some vodka
this way of adding moisture without
adding like hydration and then I can
extrude it and then dry it and then bake
it geez and no I did not snore
yeah kind of working are you freaking
out right now Dan it's working I'm
freaking out I don't want to jinx it
just give me a sec so in this piece it's
a cutter okay I mean that
and it made it it did it that's
seriously worked better than I would
have bet like the dimensions look really
good
you see what happens when I bake it I'm
gonna set the timer for ten minutes and
we'll see what happens okay oh okay all
right there have a little bit of color
there a little pale but they do have a
bottom like a flattened base from the
way they baked which I kind of thought
was gonna happen it's not great
the more I look at this and kind of like
feel it the more I think it is the Ystad
I need more of a snap like this texture
it's so hard and it's not like this
which is there's no snap it just breaks
apart and I think I have to take the
dough in a different direction
completely which is I kind of didn't see
coming so maybe I want to try doing a
couple batches basically making like
pretzel dough or something like it so I
did some research and just jot it down a
quick crostini formula which is like a
very simple kind of stiff eat pseudo
high swear for the last two years Brad
opens this every time it's so hard to
open have you been eating man Pocky or
whatever they're called with so I'm
going to and get it in the proofing oven
until one and a half times expanded in
size and then I'm gonna move into
extruding and baking and just kind of
see what happens
this is making dough blog certainly
doesn't really look like a Pocky the
dough is just not so super smooth so I
might try coating it and a little bit of
flour to smooth it out alright
things didn't really happened the way I
was hoping I did make a breadstick
texture is much firmer but it's also
still not right there's something like
too much flavor of yeast it's not Pocky
texture you can tell that it got like
all kind of bumpy and weird so I feel
like the solution is either to go with a
stiffer dough I'll take me a few to a
few more tries for the biscuit but I
think it'll be fine
I feel pretty good about it day one I
feel great it's all downhill today I'm
still working on the biscuit part it's
just so important to get something that
is so firm and crunchy and drive I might
want to instead of using yeast only use
baking powder I don't want there to be
like a yeast flavor and maybe you start
forming them by hand by basically making
a simple dough a little barley malt
syrup but you've seen often in pretzel
recipes I want a very very stiff dough
I'm gonna start rolling out piece by
piece now I'm gonna try cutting it
warming it and baking it
oh they look pretty good I'm happy with
the smooth surface texture try breaking
it a little had a nice snap is this that
is this the one my delusional hope is
gonna come true
and I'm not gonna be delusional nope
it tastes bad somehow it's like more
tasteless than the pocky biscuit at
least I'm somewhere on texture like that
sort of hard snap is good but I need
definitely to make some adjustments I
don't really like the barley malt syrup
the Pocky is noticeably sweeter so I
might try another round of dough I'm
going to increase the sweetness increase
the baking powder slightly introduce a
little bit of just vanilla extract to
kind of highlight this weakness but I'm
gonna keep everything else the same
[Music]
all right
when they smell kind of good alright so
they got a little bit golden but like I
think an appropriate amount of golden
the color looks pretty close or
something's still like weirdly yellow
about the Pocky
they also shrunk quite a bit so I have
to keep that in mind for next time all
right that was a good snap it's kind of
good you want to try the biscuit do you
want to compare this right I'm wondering
if it says possibly think my family got
a little bit more tender you know they
make men's hockey I don't like that I
know what does that mean like it's a
please don't say it's a bigger side no
it's more like intensely flavored the
Pocky seems to have gotten like the
touch of crispness on the outside huh
not not crispy on the inside but like
very like open very it's partly that the
Pocky is just way thinner yeah which is
only gonna be hard
honestly the biscuit who gives a crap
you just make it a touch smaller and I
think you're done
so I think good sir size-wise I think
they're really close that moisture loss
happens and I think there's like some
contracting so they definitely sort of
bend a little bit I'll have to devise
the method for baking them that really
keeps them in tight straight lines gabby
found these paper straws for me so I
want to basically make like a little
trough mold for the Pocky out of it
straws see if that'll work I might need
to get the hot glue gun out Todd okay
it's important to keep it straight I
think it'll be fine it'll be fine I'm
gonna do I'm not gonna use hot glue let
me just try it a little bit of foil make
a little foil basket for it and I
realized to give to the hearts of craft
stage the best part I'm gonna just get
one in there and start baking it okay so
my little straw trough you worked pretty
well so that I might want to make a
bunch more of those but before I move
into that phase and I just start
cranking out baked biscuits I want to
try a version with rice flour and
hopefully that'll be sort of like the
final formula for the biscuit I'm hoping
that the rice flour just brings a little
bit of tenderness because this biscuit
that I just was sure I stab bit more
tender
don't know why but this late makes me on
my eleventh grade biology teacher tried to
tell us that the reason why yawns are
contagious it's because it's like an
evolutionary thing where an animal
fairies its teeth at you I mean at
another animal it's a sign of aggression
thank you it bares its teeth back and
it's like well how come when I go like
this you don't yawn like that doesn't
like you're not doesn't make any sense
I don't think that was right anyway this
dough feels much better I can tell that
there's rice flour in there but overall
like its improved elasticity and you
don't be able to roll it much nicer and
it'll maintain a much smoother texture
overall it just feels smoother softer
more relaxed more elastic so definitely
an improvement from the last batch all
right this looks good this is working
out nicely okay so I'm putting this in
here and then I'm gonna just put these
on here and let these bake through
because why not and if all goes well
maybe we have time to dip one
[Music]
they look great nice smooth texture on
the outside take this one out of here I
like my little mold for baking them I
think that's a fun idea to carry into
day three good snap
they're pretty light feel like they're
lighter than before I think it's super
close
the biskits part is pretty much done
kinda wanna give one of these like a
quick dip and a little bit of chocolate
just to see what happens well let's say
I want to do a test about what kind of
coating I get using chocolate without
adding anything else to it I'm just
really think if there's a dipping method
that can employ this straw what if I
tried yeah and then I don't want to I
don't think it would be a good idea to
like put my mouth on the straw yeah
exactly I don't think that it would be
very sanitary this is a bad idea
I'm gonna try it no this is people are
not gonna like this people are gonna
think it's really gross all right I'm
only I'm I'm the only one who's gonna
eat this let me just try
[Music]
right now
hold on I've no idea actually Gabi can
you come help me all right just hold the
straw in place be like pressing down and
here move your left hand down yeah ready
thank you
this is not
now I thought this is going to go I
can't talk about it they asked you what
you're doing because I have no idea I'm
trying to get it to coat in a very thin
even layer but it's not really even like
I'd have a better time just like
painting it on there is there a smaller
one I mean this one's smaller but I
think it's too it's too small maybe not
ready
I mean no one thought that was gonna
work including me our words wait that
worked so well that was incredible it's
like not a bad way to make sure I get
something really even could taste
wonderful day three will be really
focused on the coatings getting all the
flavors right and that's it so it's been
almost a week I'm gonna work first on
like fabricating and baking off all the
biscuits and then while those are kind
of baking and drying
I'll think about putting together the
coatings I know people are gonna freak
out but I don't I'm thinking I'm not
gonna temper the chocolate tempered
chocolate is when you heat and cool
chocolate two very particular
temperatures so you get chocolate that's
like shiny and snappy I do think that
Pocky has a lot of other flavors added
to the chocolate coating and I don't
know that I'm able to temper chocolate
if I add stuff to it so I'm thinking of
fortifying the chocolate with some other
flavors and coke and more cocoa butter
which is very solid at room temp to get
something that is like very solid for
now I'm going to work on the wafer and
just try to get a lot of those baked off
two four six eight ten twelve fourteen
okay I think I'm gonna work on a new
method for baking them in like nice very
straight parallel lines so this was what
I had from last week it's kind of
impractical want to sit here and make
all of them and two because this paper
straw once I cut it kind of bows a
little bit so one thing I want to try
instead is actually like taking a bunch
of skewer and staggering them in between
the Pocky have guides on all sides to
keep them straight so most of these look
pretty good I think that the size they
became is really nice
it seems pretty close to the width of
the Pocky
the grill I'm not doing the grill marks
that's not happening I just decided but
overall like dimensions and everything
I'm happy but pretty good snap I do
think they need to be a little drier hmm
case was good they did shrink quite a
bit so most of them are very very close
to the dimensions that I want and I'm
just going to instead of breaking just
maybe you do a little shaving off of the
ends
I wanted to try something I just hope I
don't like ruin at all
so my idea is to I want them to also be
the same length and I'm not getting them
extremely even by just doing them all
like my hand one at a time so I'm gonna
try to shave the opposite side
altogether a little nervous and I'm
going to break them all and like they
have to be really tight oh I broke it
alright if forty percent casualty oh why did I try
to do that
I broke them all is what happened you
know here's what I should really do I
should just use each one to make the
next so now these are like not even I
don't understand how they're not even
it's the way that I'm doing this I don't
understand why they're still even what
all right hi yeah you're coming in a
very bad time so I think I had to have a
little trial and error but now I kind of
have a system I'm gonna try to bake the
rest then I also kind of forgot about
the chocolate Pocky so I'm gonna go back
and add some cocoa to the second half of
the dough that I have good so I'm gonna
set these aside and do the same process
with the chocolate I'm going to make
that one by just needing a little bit of
cocoa powder into the door that I have
[Music]
okay here all my hockey biscuits ready
to go so for the flavors that I'm doing
the two a chocolate biscuit our cookies
and cream and strawberry with strawberry
then the two plain flavors are chocolate
and matcha the Matra strawberry and
cookies the cream these are gonna be a
white chocolate base for each one I'm
adding whatever it's appropriate flavor
is these are like a healthy version of
Oreo is gonna use that for the cookies
on the cookies and cream
freeze-dried strawberries or strawberry
both of flavor chocolate and the bits on
the outside
matcha already powdered so I'm gonna
start by mixing up the bigger batch of
this like fortified white chocolate
mixture and then I'm going to use that
to make all the flavors
you don't have to think about how am I
gonna stand them up to I need oh my god
do we have clothes pins yeah you know
like create either some kind of way to
suspend them or to like stick them up
and Rona went to look for a foam bring
in the foam so where did you find this
in the studio nice okay we might be able
to use this so if we poke it into
that's perfect okay all right I'm going
to sit here and bore holes into this
foam so I'm trying to do a quick test
just to the plane my chocolate is to see
how it hardens okay I'm just gonna go
stand with it at the walk-in I would
love it if looks great
sorry about that alright so here's so
the walk-in it hardened pretty quickly
oh it looks very good like that's a nice
cross-section
he's pretty good I'm going to go one
flavor at a time the quantity seems like
it's working out really nicely Thanks
I hate to break it to you I did not
temper this chocolate because you can't
thank you right thank you
I added cocoa butter which I think is
helping so here's the technique and then
wait for it
look look what wrote about me Rhoda
frickin amazing it looks incredible nice
little dipping jar and then and then and
then watch ready oh great bleep that out
I have to clean out the pastry tip every
single time which is annoying
thank you no thank you look how well it
worked right and because and because of
all the cocoa butter
it sets up real quick because I'm trying
I was trying so hard not to temper it
thank you
exactly listen Matt - nope no one said
anything sticks on the conveyor belt so
here's the basic order of operations dip
and twist and over into my little
scraping area where it gets a once-over
with the pastry tip then on to my rack
to dry so far it's working amazing this
is the most annoying part I have to
clean off the pastry tip every time I
use it I think if you want to stand on
my right I'll move over and you can go
wipe off the pastry tip every time
I aspire for every single Mormon age to
feel like a seventh grade art project
okay look at the pitlor now I'm gonna
move on to the strawberry perfect
cookies and cream I'm done it's five forty five
this is what happens I finish and then
there's no one here but you're here will
you come look
Thanks right
that's cookies and cream strawberry
matcha and then classic thank you this
one and then and then this board we have
right
oh my Pocky not that hard I was denying
my moment of satisfaction but Krista
validated Mason I felt good super
pleased I love the way they look we'll
let these set overnight wrap it up in
the morning don't even talk to me about
Dave four curse or whatever or nothing's
gonna happen
I hope we're gonna put a big sign but
yeah today was fun no big curveballs
no big potholes it's pretty fun
good morning
here I am I've I slept down here but I'm
gonna try chocolate because I have the
most number of those and that's the
classic okay Brittany
hmm it's still very crunchy so that's
good good snap it's pretty intensely
chocolatey even just having used the
milk chocolate mmm that one's good
I think better than the macho Pocky that
was really good that one tastes like
real strawberry cuz they use real
strawberry I may be my favorite visually
maybe the weakest overall flavor wise
but the cookies and cream Pocky was kind
of my favorite but it looks great so the
other ones taste really good so I could
still consider it a success do you guys
want to come taste yeah
Rhett don't you want to try yeah thanks
the rainbow Chris that's not that's a
different one great thanks it's like a
it's like a Pocky buffet yeah do you
want to compare it to the original oh
really I know this is the first thing I
- Pocky
oh that one's good right you made a good
Pocky Thanks I think so too
your flavors are oh yeah that biscuit
texture was a little bit hard I'm the
press player with the uniformity of that
thank you thank you you know handle role
of Pocky biscuits did a great job thank
you
it's pretty good this is like subtle
salty love it oh my god hmm right then
you're not good the crunchiness thanks
Gabi the texture of it is like so I
think it's on yeah I like your like
crunchy on it thank you I think your
matcha when we were recreating thank you
I I think it's just like better balance
ba ba la this was a great job yeah I
really enjoyed it and there weren't any
things that like made me want your cell
murder Dan or something amazed you let
me down we love that job
are you going to a meeting
oh all right can I offer you a Paki from
the Paki buffet the strawberries my
favorite actually delicious
thank you I kind of recommend strawberry
no you know no one has done that but you
can better than that mr Berg yeah the
strawberry Pocky was like an easy one to
improve Claire you got it again Thanks
this one was so fun but I want to leave
some for Christina this is for Christina
considering that I was not very familiar
with Pocky before this project I
thoroughly enjoyed the challenge like
this looks like something fancy and like
a restaurant that you would get next to
like your type of Chino at the end of
the meal or something I love how they
turned out so this one was really fun
I'm looking forward to the next one
thank you for watching here's how you
make gourmet Pocky to make the biscuits
combine two tablespoons rice flour half cup
slits two tablespoons all-purpose flour two
teaspoons granulated sugar two teaspoons
brown sugar a quarter of like one H
teaspoon baking powder and quarter teaspoon
salt whisk to combine
and add one tbsp melted cooled unsalted
butter one teaspoon vanilla extract and two
tablespoons full milk need to combine
then divide in half
work three quarters TSP of unsweetened cocoa powder
into half of dough then working with one
piece of dough at a time use a pasta
roller to continually sheet mill into
slabs folding and re rolling until you
have a smooth strong dough cut with a
ruler and pizza cutter into long thin
strips that are as thick as they are
wide listen each strip with a bit of
water to create friction with the
surface and roll into smooth thin ropes
at least one centimeter longer than a
Pocky will heat with all strips of dough
and then repeat entire process with
second
let's go bake ropes separated by skewers
on a flat parchment lined baking sheet
and a three hundred degree fahrenheit oven until
golden brown all over but cool and shave
each biscuit on both sides for the fine
rasp greater to the length of a Pocky to
make the coatings from on three hundred grams
white chocolate seventy five grams cocoa butter two
teaspoons vanilla extract and half
teaspoon kosher salt and melt on a
double boiler until smooth transfer one third
of mixture to a pint container and use a
hand blender to mix with matcha powder
until you have a smooth mixture with a
desired color and flavor transfer matcha
and chocolate mixture to a tall narrow
vessel and submerge flame biscuits eighty percent
inside then use a round pastry tip to
squeegee off coating place uncoated part
in holes board into foam board to set
repeat process with very finely ground
to research strawberries instead of
matcha cocoa biscuit and sifted bits of
chocolate wafer cookies website
[Music]
what what just happened Ben that'll go
in the blooper reel or the episode which
is episode czar basically blooper reels

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Pop-Tarts | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
I don't necessarily know how much this
made a difference but I also added a
little additional cornstarch no I
watched a woman this morning
the drain platform eating a corn starch
no point sergeant a plastic spoon did
happen and I forgot until just now I'm
using corn starch I don't think you
could physically eat corn starch
she was physically eating hard but in
their mouth I don't know why that wasn't
the first thing you told us all this
when you walked in hey everyone I'm
Claire we're in the VA Test Kitchen and
today I'm making gourmet pop-tarts
[Music]
so pop-tarts were only like an
occasional thing that happened like in
the lunchroom or at a friend's house I
don't have strong memories of eating it
when I think of a pop-tart I definitely
think of the strawberry kind it's just
sort of to me like visually the most
representative of all the pop-tarts
although there obviously has many
flavors I mean there's a shocking number
of flavors and the colors are like a
real triumph
it looks very appealing I do like the
proportions of them it's like a nice you
know a thin but still substantial amount
of filling and to very even thin layers
of pastry right at the end there there's
like a little bit of strawberry flavor
but mostly it's shockingly flavorless I
have to say the strawberry filling
doesn't taste like strawberries and the
pastry the whole point of pastry it's
buttery and delicious and this has none
of that
frosted Sparkle ishes cherry it has a
unicorn on and stars this was my
favorite and a rainbow if I were a kid
circle like age six and I saw this in a
store
I guarantee and I didn't like do this as
a kid but pretty sure would have been
like all that temper tantrum kicking and
screaming on the floor of the
supermarket banging my mom divided for
me and she would walk right past me good
like you've lost your mind oh my God
look at it it's magnificent
it's like on my little pony I had my
little ponies when I was a kid I just
sort of like it better than strawberry
but I really like this sprinkles on
strawberry so I think I'm gonna stick to
that one I'm actually still super
excited about pop-tarts because I think
it'll be it's gonna be not only easy but
also really fun to make a better version
of these you have two small children
would you feed them pop-tarts any time
of the day maybe your pop-tarts oh yeah
but not even put not for breakfast
maybe well I'm never a lot of Sun
me neither
oh okay the fancy one I have such a
childhood like a holdover childhood
craving for a toaster strudel that I was
never ever allowed to have that so bad
that I want to get a pack in and the
next time they're pretty good we shoot
so you guys both had pop to us as kids
as like a normal part of your breakfast
routine right yes no no okay it was like
a college development anyone who's ever
seen me like provide commentary on your
show before is like remotely surprised
right so the question is if in the
homemade version does it have to be able
to toast yes yeah yes good either way
but that's total nonsense
it's a pop-tart like it has to that's
been pointed out to me before all right
Claire how do you make frosting that
will not melt in a toaster I don't know
roasting Delaney please look at the
shine I have a question is this just not
strawberry filling do I have to be able
to twist it yes yeah the option has to
be there fine
I know I keep asking this question I'll
answer it doesn't even know a little bit
it gets harder it's perfect poppers is
fun it's much more fun than the last one
I got most of them I'm gonna take a
closer look at this strawberry so they
definitely have a more golden edge like
all the way around
but overall the the pastry if you can
call it that is kind of pale so it's
seven and a half wide and eleven centimeters
long it's gonna measure the width of the
filling it's about six centimeters in
the length as well about nine and a half
centimeters and like the bottom is
perfectly flat and the top is sort of
domed for the filling is so it's like
there's a layer of pastry the filling
goes on and then the top pastry is
formed around the filling and pressed
down onto the surface and the filling
must be very thick because there isn't
any like bubbling up of the filling
through the tiny little holes so the
holes are there so the steam can escape
while baking and that there aren't like
big bubbles that form underneath the
surface of the pastry the frosting is
totally hardened I'm gonna put one in
the toaster so we can analyze and we'll
do a side by side of untoasted and
toasted its hop and that's not crazy
it's a good thing it's more because
otherwise it would not be able to tell
the difference because nothing happened
while this isn't the toaster the icing
as hard as ever yeah so the filling
definitely takes on sort of like a gooey
are wetter aspect it's hot I think the
biggest challenge about
the toasting is gonna be the icing and
having that not burn or melt or even
just change at all it's time for my
favorite part reading the ingredients
quite an ingredient list enriched flour
parentheses wheat flour niacin reduced
iron vitamin D why I am in mono night
Raymond beetle affluent acid corn syrup
fructose corn syrup extra soy bean in
palm oil the TBHQ for freshness sugar
leached wheat flour two percent or less of
wheat starch all right strawberry hairs
dried apples lemonade baking soda in a
Styrofoam on a calcium phosphate or the
pitcher gasps gelatin modified wheat
star look corn flour about color oil
xanthan gum star turmeric extract color
or less it's in red for yellow stick
blue one color added a lot of stuff
interestingly there's dried strawberries
and dried pears and dried apple to me
what that means is like that that's like
the substance of the jam is like they're
just cooking down dried fruit probably
adding water to it and then cooking it
into a paste so I think that's probably
a lot of the reason why doesn't have a
lot of strawberry flavors because it's
red from the Edit strawberries but like
the substance of it is probably more of
that parent Apple oh it says warm pastry
and toast or at lowest heat setting warm
pastry and toaster at lowest heat
setting all you want to do is warm it
you're not cooking it I don't have a lot
of questions about how these are made
but we'll see what we can find and read
about and we'll look at some old
commercials and I really want to get
roses journal footage
get your own toasters don't worry
toaster strudel like pop-tarts only bad
yeah not so good
Oh about yeah yeah that who knew there
was such like a breakfast pastry you
wore the pink frosting now close onto a
revolving belt a bit of starch
okay so that was probably the most
crucial part of this video is the
revelation that it's added starch in the
icing that means that when it sets it
doesn't remelt or burn in the toaster so
that's interesting to think about it but
I think I've got everything I'm gonna
get out of this video so I'm excited
because I really love I loved making
pastry it's a find kind of therapeutic
and fun and we're in luck because it's
strawberry season or it's gonna be
starburst season very soon so we can get
access to some really great fresh fruit
and that should be I'm very confident
it's gonna be like magma you know orders
of magnitude it better than the original
so the three main components I have to
think about our the filling the pastry
is that term loosely and then the
frosting the filling will be like a
strawberry jam the pastry will be
somewhere between like a pie dough and a
peppery say and then dicing I think will
sort of feel like a royal icing kind of
thing so I think the best place to start
is with the pastry because it has to
chill and then while that's chilling
I'll hop over and maybe start the
strawberry jam
I have my formula for pie dough maybe
I'll make three separate batches so for
each batch of dough made it combined one
and a quarter cup flour and half teaspoon
of kosher salt and two teaspoons sugar
then add ten tablespoons of butter
process that until the butter is
somewhere between me and these guys and
like coarse meal and then transfer to a
bowl add the water combine it together
form it into a square and let it chill
in the fridge to rest and then roll it
out times three here I have some very
special strawberries I've not been paid
to say this I just want to mention their
Harry's berries they come from a farm
outside of Los Angeles
they are the Rolls Royce of strawberries
they're very expensive I can date on a
whole quart myself in one sitting
they're red all the way through
perfectly ripe and just incredible
strawberry flavor I mean it's a true
obsession in the Test Kitchen the
Harry's berries I do almost feel bad
about cooking these like these are so
special and I'm wondering if I should
supplement with like frozen even are you
just trying to save this Rob area so you
can yeah I'm just trying to save the
strawberry so they can have the mat for
lunch
Oh found some good
Jam is very simple it's just sugar fruit
I'll add a little bit of lemon juice for
acidity Michael was really just to cook
down the strawberry it's to the point
where thickens enough naturally on its
own okay
looks like ketchup doesn't it years ago
there was a very very controversial
recipe for strawberry pasta I was not I
did not support that and I'm just gonna
stir it in the ice to cool it down
quickly if I were gonna attempt this at
home I would just use like a good
strawberry jam exactly look part of
being a good cook is knowing when to
outsource a product that's gonna be
better than the version you can make
yourself
yeah and that was the gourmet peanut
butter I tried to use after cooling down
this mixture I've determined that I do
have to get it back in the oven to
thicken further I want this to hold its
shape like if I took a scoop like this
I don't want to run off looks like
ketchup it's very hard for me not to
look at this and think that it's ketchup
love the color though this is nice and
paste-like rather than runny and fluid
and now I'm going to add my just a
little bit of lemon juice and some zest
[Music]
yeah I think so yes for or yeah or it's
good maybe three thirty so I think that's good
come into the fridge and I'm going to
swap it out for my crust oh thank you I
[Music]
just think about all the terrible subway
behavior that I witnessed from strangers
on my commute and instead of saying
something to them I just beat the dough
[Music]
try see if I can get six out of here and
make a cardboard cutout to cut out as
many parking lots as I can from the
pastry
[Music]
okay I kind of want to cut up a Silpat I
task Abby's permission I was wondering
about permission to cut a Silpat oh wait
my sign oh my god oh yeah I second you
one okay so here's my - my two piece
template and I'm going to show you how
I'm going to use it so I'm gonna grab
well okay
actually before I do the template I have
to dock pass of the pastry docking just
means poking holes so that's to get this
pattern okay
blacked out and so now I'm going to swap
out for the bottom layer and I'm going
to start applying that filling using a
little template that I made and the idea
is to like fill this window looks pretty
good I hope it's a thick enough layer
okay so these are going to have to go
back into the fridge to chill but oh wow
is that yeah that's my filling it's
pretty tight wow you were able to cut it
out no no no I used a stencil and I I
like who did my stuff I know it was
really fun I got my hands of this tiny
paintbrush which I'll used to now paint
the all the little borders with my egg
wash egg wash is like my glue that's
going to seal the two layers of pastry
and the next move is just to cut around
and straighten off the sides
though the bottoms are getting golden I
think I'm gonna pull them a couple good
things a couple bad things there was
some like separation and Sue flying of
the layers so some noticeable flaky
textures around the sides these are
obviously much much much thicker I would
not consider it a failure though if this
is thicker than this I made me a toaster
strudel I've never had one I'm dying to
have one can we please get some for
tomorrow
go ahead feeling distribution color
looks spot-on it's delicious
that's so good where's Chris Morocco I
finally have pastries for me it's five thirty
Chris takes bites that are like this
because Chris is my favorite I love the
flavor
I love the filling I think it's the
perfect amount of sweetness it tastes
like real fruit there's nothing I would
change about the flavor at all it's just
gonna be about tweaking texture of the
dough and the construction method and I
feel really good about ending the day
with a couple of quick tests on the
icing I want to test royal icing royal
icing is a mix of ten x and egg white ten x
is just super finely milled sugar that
makes a little bit of cornstarch to
prevent clumping and then I want to test
an icing made with water and then I want
to do a test with milk just to see you
side by side what happens in the toaster
Chris your timings you good your timing
is perfect
I'm a toaster strudel ie totally did
yeah look at those ringing I know and I
made the better really small for that
Jam
it holds it holds up well and it didn't
like bubble up and out or anything I
don't I was like that was a keep a
stream yeah well I know you did too good
a job with the pastry though I know you
need to do a shittier yeah we're trying
it tomorrow with some crucial adjustment
okay that's my royal icing I labeled
when I've made homemade sprinkles I just
make royal icing and add food coloring
and then pipe them in little rows these
are more like little pebbles or specks I
think that they do need to fully set
overnight in the air so that there's
like full moisture evaporation so I'm
going to take a little bit of the royal
icing add food coloring to match the
colors here spread it out in a super can
lie on parchment and let that dry
overnight and then break it up into
little bits in the morning and those are
gonna be my sprinkles I was a little
overzealous with the food coloring so I
have some very brightly colored
sprinkles so the plan is I let this dry
overnight and then tomorrow take you to
color individually peel it off the
parchment and crumble it up so I get
these sort of irregular like specks this
was fun I enjoyed everything about today
pop-tarts day three take one nope that's
not a thing Dan stop trying to make the
curse happen I'm very excited to try the
pastries from yesterday with my little
glaze test in the upright toaster very
very nervous so we just got some toaster
strudel look there's like toaster
strudel art I also just really like
saying toaster strudel I think I'm gonna
try the cream cheese and strawberry I'll
keep the rest frozen
I think we're gonna know which is the
transistor oh well where's this Oh see
this was oh I really did get some
schmutz in that toaster okay this was a
really good test the one with the water
got bubbly and weird the one with the
milk melted onto the wires sides of the
toaster and the one with the royal icing
definitely fared the best I did kind of
think that there was something about
like the protein in the egg that was
going to make the royal icing the most
successful and I do think that it works
almost like reharden in what I think is
good there's only very slightly warm
good though what I'm most happy about is
that with the added sweetness from the
icing the whole thing gets like better
balanced and it's like more delicious
it's really good it's super tasty I
could try spiking the royal icing with a
little more cornstarch which I think
probably is a good way to go all right
let's try the toaster strudel should I
be the new toaster strudel fluid stylist
still better than a pop tart and also
not that good
I'm disappointed I wanted them to be
better hold on just in case something
bad happens and like I don't have
anything to today I think you should
take this one what do you mean no I'm
saying you today
failure that's just no I'm not worried
about failure I'm just worried about
running out of time because you can let
the icing dry I think you should hold on
to this in case okay in case I get what
I get
Oh kinda late but I can like have it yes
yeah yeah okay yes yes one of my
favorite things about Chris is that his
squirrels away a little pastry is to
save for his afternoon snack
uh-huh all right I'm gonna work on the
dough first and I'm gonna do everything
in the food processor which will help me
work the butter and much finer so I get
a more even texture and I'm gonna do two
batches now I'm gonna make another batch
of filling exact same as yesterday same
process blending straining cooking
drying in the oven and then adding my
lemon
alright I'm gonna grab the first Joe
today I'm going for a more uniform
texture with not as much separation with
the butter more incorporated that's what
I'm hoping that's the result I'm hoping
to get one thing I want to do
differently today is cut out a larger
rectangle to compensate for shrinking in
the oven because my pop-tarts got a
little bit smaller in the oven I'm gonna
take out one of these
oh but dams that mean I can make a new
stencil so I probably have to account
for like a quarter-inch
shrinkage thank you so much all the way
around one - can I get a two then I think I
can so I'm gonna cut down the middle did
I just screw that up
Oh solenoid just a really bad job
cutting this dough it's not I'm not
really gonna get eight but that's fine I'll
just have to get I mean I didn't I
thought I had enough do i maybe I do
oh all right one more getting six I'm so
sorry
anything in the whole world I just get
fewer than I got yesterday five I'm just
trying to roll these out ever so
slightly wider all right there we go you
guys favorite okay it's no I have seven
which is what I got yesterday I'm gonna
do pretty much the same thing I did
yesterday
[Music]
for applying the filling that's so cool
food you also love destroying Test
Kitchen opener yeah I do the sprinkles
really look like pop rocks
don't they pop out sometime trigger
warning yeah yeah I'm not over it oh no
not know so here is that ii slathered oh
and for this one I'm gonna cut more
precisely with my stencil then once
these are cold I can start to assemble
everything again okay so now I'm going
to go into assembly where I'm going to
take a bottom and a top layer of pastry
and kind of work one piece at a time to
assemble them
[Music]
I am gonna do the same thing I did
yesterday which is bake-off
three to see how they turn out and then
if I need to make any adjustments oh my
god they look good there they puffed a
little bit time they look pretty but
they need more time it occurred to me
that while we're waiting I might as well
check back on our sprinkles so my plan
here is to peel the hardened icing off
the parchment and then break it up into
tiny little bits but I have to go one
color at a time I think maybe it's a
little wet
it's like dissing yeah I think I feel
let it actually dry longer false alarm
on the sprinkles I know it's happened
the dehydrator I don't I just I don't
know why I'm not feeling at this episode
I don't really want to use it because
I'm you know why because so far this is
a very home Baker friendly project it
would be a nice change of pace to have
one of these episodes actually be doable
at home I'm just gonna try the oven on a
low temp so I put on dehydrate and with
the fan setting great okay so that's now
that's thirty minutes total Oh weather more
time you know what a poem no matter what
it's forty minutes seems like enough time
they're starting to get a little golden
around the edges I don't know I think
they could use a little longer nailed it
okay do you want to see the reveal
what night yeah they're naked for now
okay I'm gonna bring this over here
they're done I had to check it like four
times or something all right
so because of actually all the in and
out of the oven these fell a little bit
but I want them to kind of settle but it
looks better than yesterday
size-wise I think you're spot on the
bottoms also are paler than they were
yesterday because of the second chitra
underneath so I'm happy overall I think
it'll be better if I just stop opening
the oven so much now I have a better
idea of how long they take how long was
it total it's like forty five minutes right I'm
gonna check on my sprinkles whatever
breaks off easily and kind of shatters
is what I can use what maybe in order to
get them a little bit nicer I'm gonna
hand chop them
[Music]
okay the sprinkles look really good I'm
happy with the way they turned out the
colors are a little bit intense
definitely more intense than on the
original but that's okay let's see I got
like six minutes left I'm gonna start my
royal icing save one large egg white I'm
gonna do a vanilla bean and it's just
gonna make some little black flecks
but what's bad about that the thicker
the icing the whiter it will be but also
the harder it will be to spread in a
thin layer ideal would be a super thick
white icing that I could get really thin
but those two things kind of run counter
but I think I can get a little bit
thicker than I had it yesterday
okay I do want to I think pipe a little
border just to have a clean edge I kind
of do like a quick version of flooding
then so I'm gonna make a corn a she's
like a little piping bag made out of
parchment yeah so I'm just going to make
a rectangular border that's small edging
with the royal icing it's like a barrier
that's gonna keep the icing from
spilling out and then I'll go back and
fill it in and that's hog budding
[Music]
all right so the first one looks
phenomenal I can't tell you how happy I
am that this is not tempered chocolate
I've seriously never been so proud of
anything in my life everyone take photo
I'm so proud I love him so much I
actually kind of like that the colors
are like more vibrant and brighter the
true test will be if these hold up in
upright toaster for the full cycle so my
plan is to get these into the oven on
dehydrate with a fan on because I want
the I think they're hardened as much as
possible and then once that happens
it'll be the final tasting final test of
putting the toaster but I feel pretty
good it's the morning of day four I hate
calling it day four I really think it's day
three it's day Korea of like active work and
now it's time for the final test which
is trying them in that bright toaster
and I'm mostly excited and slightly
nervous I did find myself sitting at
home looking at the photos admiring them
because I love the way they look so much
it looks so good I'm gonna just do one
because I don't that doesn't work then I
don't want to ruin them all all right so
it's on the lowest setting so nervous
no it's kind of only doing on one side
and annoyingly it's only do oh ah that
scared me okay Oh God
oh my God look at worked the icing
didn't melt or burn or bubble or get
weird and it feels nice and warm
seriously that could not have been more
successful ooh it's like it's very warm
- all right I'm gonna try breaking it
open this would be like the commercial
it's really good the pastry is so flaky
in ways that I did not even intend not
to Pat myself on the back but this is
like very good pastry I think I could
have even done a slightly thicker layer
of frosting I'm gonna do these sprinkles
again and like my own life a little bit
of air in it and this is a little bit
more red but I think it looks like a
similar amount of filling and also a
very very close texture in terms of the
filling I thought I was doing the
responsible thing by not using only
Harry's berries but I do think it would
have been better if I had only his
Kerry's berries that that to me looks
obviously homemade but also more
delicious trying to think of this
anything else on gourmet makes that I've
made that I wanted to eat more than this
and I don't I can't really think of
anything this is very much in the middle
of my Venn diagram of like things I like
to make things I want to eat things I
know how to make I wouldn't feel bad
about eating this for breakfast
look at that I know I'm so proud of you
thank you yes sir I got to my kids yeah
yeah alright yesterday right wait I oh I
love the I don't know how that did I put
that one there but I love the one of
these things it's not like together this
is a good shot yeah no no we're gonna
toast one oh because guess what they
toast and it didn't well I know how much
you know this anything the best thing
you've ever done I think so too and I
think about it so happy yeah I'm so
happy should not overlook the sprinkles
which definitely not it was really
really good like they're very crunchy
and they're brighter it was so much fun
open your eye made of sheet poplar yes
perfect I made a thity five dollars each
ishes how much one of these would cost
I said thity five dollars all right basically this was
an unmitigated success couldn't have
gone better I love this one I do feel it
karmically I sewed this after pop rocks
I feel much less tired and like filled
with hate that I normally feel the end
of one of these here's how you make a
gourmet pop tart for the sprinkles whisk
and egg white then add powdered sugar
until you have a thick but spreadable
paste divided into five bowls and add a
different gel food coloring to each
spread each color and a thin strip on a
piece of parchment paper and let dry
completely flake off each color and
break into bits then chop and sit to get
uniform pieces mix sprinkles and store
in an airtight container to make the
dough the bowl of a food processor
combine one and a quarter cups flour two
teaspoons sugar half teaspoon kosher salt
and ten tablespoons butter cut into
pieces process in long pulses until
mixture resembles coarse meal sprinkle
three tablespoons plus one teaspoon ice
water over mixture and then process
until the dough forms a ball around the
blade flatten the dough into a half inch
thick square and wrap tightly in plastic
chill at least one hour
repeat Doh process a second time to make
the filling blend one pound of ripe
ahold fresh strawberries and one pound
of frozen strawberries until smooth
strain through a fine mesh sieve into a
large saucepan pressing on solids
discard seeds and at six tablespoons sugar
during mixer to a rapid simmer stirring
often and skimming foam until mixture is
reduced by seventy five percent and a spatula dragged
across the bottom leaves a trail that's
slow to disappear remove from heat and
scrape mixture into a small room baking
sheet bake in a two hundred fifty degree oven
stirring every ten minutes until you have
a thick paste let cool and mix with one
teaspoon finely grated lemon zest and
one teaspoon fresh lemon juice
refrigerate until cold roll out each
portion of dough for a large slab that's
no more than an eighth of an inch thick
transfer dough to a parchment lined
baking sheet and chill until firm cut
one slab of dough into rectangles that
are a quarter inch bigger than a
pop-tart in both length and width use a
skewer to dock pastry all over return
rectangles to refrigerator cut second
slab of dough into pieces slightly
larger than the docked rectangles and
use a stencil and a small offset spatula
to spread strawberry filling and clean
rectangles across each piece paying a
quarter inch border around the filling
with egg wash then play
a doctor rectangle over top and press
along the edges to seal further pressed
on with a thin dowel around the edges to
seal then trim with a knife to
straighten edges chill rectangles until
cold and bake on two stacked baking
sheets at three hundred Fahrenheit until very
lightly golden brown around the edges
let cool completely whisk in egg white
and half TSP lemon juice then add half a
scraped vanilla bean and a pinch of salt
whisk and a half teaspoon of cornstarch
and then add powdered sugar until you
have a thick royal icing pipe a thin
rectangular quarter Ilyn side the lines
in a thin even layer and then top with
sprinkles
let icing dry completely before toasting
on the lowest setting in an upright
toaster
[Music]
in his hell you say that was for the dry
eyes yeah big time it's the most fun
thing to play with there is where can we
include that show what shot we knew
we're sure you put it Pop Tart video oh
I don't know maybe I would be like a
secret secret scene at the end for all
the all the generous viewers who watched
that long what are we doing what should
we do what they just let sit there and
finish sublimating
[Music]

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Pop Rocks | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
no I'll chain myself to this kitchen
island in protest not happy about this
pop rocks thing fine then I reserve the
right to cheat hey everyone I'm Claire
I'm in the BA's kitchen and today I'm
making gourmet pop rocks I'm not blaming
Chris for this this is not Chris's fault
did he say this is the idea it's like a
Pete pop rock collaboration of the pop
acts I don't want to do pop rocks why
why can't we do pop rocks write in and
tell her how much you want to do pop
rocks please don't
he didn't say that he didn't say write
in leave it in the comments did he you
did well I don't really blame Chris it's
never Christmas Walton the back story is
that they tried to make me do pop rocks
like a year ago or whenever it was and I
refused outright it's gonna be stupid
let's move on here's the secret I know
how they're made I remember from looking
it up they're formed under extreme
pressure and there's like little micro
bubbles of trapped co two in the sugar
crystals and there's that like tiny
little exploding sensation as the sugar
dissolves in your tongue and that's what
makes up hopping there's an absolutely
no way to do that in a kitchen
environment which is why I was like I
don't want to do this because it's a bad
idea so pop rocks are sugar crystals or
not even really crystals just like sugar
bits they have different flavors this is
cherry apparently been around since the
seventies strawberry cherry like kind of
standard hard candy flavors green apple
topical punch grape and when you eat
them they start to dissolve in your
tongue and they make like a popping
sensation
the rumor was that you ate pop rocks and
soda at the same time your stomach would
explode yeah right I never tried it not
as like violently fizzy as I remember oh
I will say it's probably like a great
feat of Engineering that's why I ever
have respect for it in that sense I
guess the sort of like pebbled shape
that's another thing too is like that's
a fairly it's not just like sugar that's
been broken up it they really do look
like Little Rock's it almost just looks
like they've been run through like some
kind of a drum or something or a tumbler
to like soften some of the edges here
against my will
oh god going straight for the packet
like a lot
Wow how can you not like this I don't
like you have a childhood yeah
and I don't even know that I liked it
then
I think that if you could make something
that would produce the sensation and
like not taste like completely fake but
let me know they're made from like under
high pressure of like tiny little micro
bubbles of co two and that's what pops is
like when it dissolves like how do you
do that you can't do that you got this
okay I'm gonna try to do it in one day
no one can help me Carla I don't it's
like so many reasons and one I was
mostly I feel not listened to because I
was like I don't want to do pop rocks
haha I think just think it's pointless
no one's on my side except for possibly
you there another way that you could
pass the challenge to be like I am gonna
make this the fastest one I ever did yes
and then you're basically like in a
competition with yourself right right
and it doesn't matter and I am
competitive exactly that's a good way to
spin it my sous chef once said to me
when I was complaining about washing
like seven cases of spinach in the sink
and I was like oh my god this takes so
long and I need doing it so much uh-huh
and he like lifted me it was like do it
faster then and I was like
I want to really dislike that person
yeah but but that doesn't make him wrong
I can like just endure twenty seconds of
like extreme pain exactly okay brother
that was so helpful seriously more pain
left I'm childhood memories
what was it I drank if you mix them with
soda or drank soda yeah your stomach
will explode yeah anyway not at all so
think
yeah ask him ninety nine point nine sugar and then gas
like in little bubbles trapped in sugar
yeah but it's like I can't do that I'm
not there that is not the attitude time
for my favorite part reading the
ingredients sugar lactose corn syrup
artificial flavour red forty process with
carbon dioxide like one of those things
is food all right let's go to the
computer do some research but making pop
rocks candy at home can i watch this I
mean this guy's distilled water unlike
chemistry so from the background so this
is all your fault
I know if you believe anybody listen to
me I got here as soon as I heard they
listening taking off my coat oh my god I
didn't think anybody listen see I may
not have sent some I'm in a downward
spiral like this is all like science
tell me about it you know I know what do
we have to do I have my chaos I have a
terrible attitude
yeah yeah I just I feel like it's all
your fault Chris do you like the cameras
weren't rolling
I don't remember that either I have no
recollection I know so what is what is
he doing
I don't know I'm only like twenty seven seconds
into the video so we'll see but he was
like it was more difficult than these
other technical things like he's
equipment I know you sold water there's
some kind of coil thing this is on a
level I don't think we can yeah well I
attached the co two tank to this chamber
and increase the pressure to about six hundred
psi and then after the mixing time is
done it's the Chamber's just allowed to
cool down when you say this project took
a lot of time I probably do ten or twenty
batches of these things trying different
things hey Brad hey can you do this yeah
can you get like give me a rig like this
it looks like if you pause the frame it
looks like oh Claire how do you make a
pipe bomb so you can't look this shit up
alright on work computers know what I
yeah it's well he's making like a
pressure chamber soldering problem but
if he wasn't even getting it super fizzy
with like six hundred psi or whatever it's like
I don't know baking soda is gonna really
cut it I just confirmed to myself that I
am NOT gonna be able to make these the
way the pop rocks company makes these so
I have to go my own like more homespun
route which I think will be a
combination of citric acid and baking
soda and then I'll have the acid will
react with the sodium bicarbonate when
it starts to dissolve when you eat it
and then that will make more of a
fizzing sensation than maybe a pop but
I'm gonna cook some hard cracked sugar
and flavor it add my acid and base
breaking up into bits and see where we
get we have freestride granny smith
apple you could try doing the sour apple
green apple could be a fun one we
haven't really done any green apple
flavor to anything on gourmet make so
that might be a fun place to start I'm
obviously feeling a little better than I
was earlier in the day
throws a little bit hangry so here's the
green apple pop rocks that maybe will
start there
so I'm going to make like a dry mix of
the pulverized freeze-dried green apple
just forgot what I was doing gonna be
two tablespoons of fruit powder half
teaspoon citric acid the citric acid is
there not only to give it a sour flavor
since all the pop rocks are kind of tart
but that's the acid that's gonna react
with my baking soda which is the base so
this is the reaction that when you were
a kid and you made a volcano for your
science project in like fifth grade or
whatever that this is the reaction
that's happening acid and a base I think
I'm gonna go up on the baking soda I'm
gonna do actually a full teaspoon and so
nothing's happening when I add these
together because it need there needs to
be water for this reaction to happen do
you want to try so what its co two trapped
under high pressure sure yeah so it's
literally like my mouth is fracking yes
as I eat it yeah so I'm going to start
with two hundred grams of sugar let's say one hundred fifty
grams fifty grams of corn syrups and
educated guess and I'll do thinking
around the water okay I'm gonna put this
over on the stove
right
I'd like you can't like what I eat this
every day and reserved over here you
know I can do to you
hurry I know carry on that high pressure
keeper you want me to make a bomb in the
World Trade Center sure I did not say
that I wanted you to make a bomb it's
burning hot sugar yeah a pressure cooker
yeah yeah we're gonna get the co two bar
supply store bar supply store
I get one of those canisters Oh actually
you have a SodaStream I guess I have
that at home
bingo bango bongo but how do you do it
like how do you get them together well
that's your job
no I quit look it's not gonna be easy
it's not gonna be safe I do think it's
possible I don't feel good about that
needs to be at least six hundred psi what's been
about your job pressure cookers are
preset at yes perfect
great plan well if you get moment the
press may they're gonna buncha
treasurers
yeah like loading a Russian doll
Claire we are way out now I'm not doing
that I'm not using a pressure cooker it
sounds super dangerous it's right on the
counter I guess we're just sifting in
that dry mix citric acid baking soda and
the green apple and I'm mixing in a
little bit of this gel food coloring
right so I am getting a reaction here
extra bleed the color that's Chris
pointed out some I didn't think about
was those little bubbles inside of co two
is giving it like a certain texture
that's airy and so there's that
sensation of when you bite down it's not
like super hard crunchy glassy sticking
your teeth want there to be enough of
the acid and base left after the primary
reaction that when you eat it
there's you know there's a secondary
reaction that starts fizzing on your
tongue how do you like get some aeration
so that it's not like overly dense right
so you have that like shatter it's all
quality but then still have enough left
over yeah I also realized that I have to
add more citric acid because I don't
want best to be neutralized by we don't
want to do it our ya know it fizzes it
all state is it isn't hot it doesn't pop
I don't think you're gonna get yeah what
if my version of gourmet pop rocks is
just a less aggressive pop
don't feel like you cracked it all right
subject we're ready for Butterfinger
it's not bad it's not bad
geez it tastes like green apple the
color is good I don't know if I get
green apple
should I do a different fruit that's
more pungent like we have raspberry yeah
I know I think you're probably right oh
my god what if we did blue raspberry
Rad's with like two Z's yeah yeah oh
yeah it's in here somewhere
whoo blue razz it's getting better okay
no it's technically its fault that I'm
here but I think what I want to try is a
different flavor I'm gonna keep it sugar
mixture the same I'm gonna add way way
more stir acid and mush and way more
baking soda a little better I'm doing a
little better yeah I ate lunch what do
you see in the shape and the blob I see
a penguin oh yeah duck for sure
wait oh no no but it's a penguin I don't
know what that is small oh it's good
it's doing it Chris and I now have a son
playing with like a pressure cooker they
went they wanted to build a bomb that's
like I don't think we can do that you
should do anything in this building
mm-hmm
oh it's fizzing yeah thanks should I
just try to push it more baking set um
more yes I'm speaking like case closed
that's good guys bullshit all right
throw a little bit more in there yeah
get it going I want to try one more
around same recipe but I'm gonna push
the baking soda and stir gasps it even
further I'm gonna double it and see what
happens
I made this disc rather well I think
it's actually took several minutes for
it to harden but here and I wasn't I
mean I thought it would but if there's
too much air in it has sort of a
sponge-like texture it's not gonna
happen for your meal I'm sorry it's um
it's really delicious no I don't want
you to taste that one why that's what I
just made right yeah things went a
little crazy way more poppy is it no
maybe it did weird things in I know I
don't like that feeling well you like
pop rock that's it I know so I think the
pink one is a lot closer okay yells like
you've produced something that's kind of
similarly intriguing uh-huh and tastes
better the pink to me there's the air
bubbles are too large it needs to be a
little bit denser and to me it's just
like - puckering
there's too much citric acid so I might
want to split the difference between the
quantities from the pink and the purple
I think what I'll do is go home and I'll
try to do a little bit of research about
maybe there's some other chemical
reaction that I can try to produce that
doesn't involve dangerous amounts of
high pressure and temperature and if not
then like this is just gonna have to be
it
it's day two of pop rocks I went home last
night felt a little bit bad about how
negative I was about pop rocks yesterday
but I'm not excited I hits idiom I never
even liked pop rocks when I was a kid
it's a dumb candy
so stupid but I also felt right and
correct in that position but my attitude
could have been a little better so today
I'll try to be less negative overall and
I did read overnight I did some research
that liked the shelf life on these is
really short so the reaction is much
stronger like immediately after making
it and kind of diminishes as it sits I
think I really communicated what was
potentially dangerous about this project
excited that it's probably not a great
idea to experiment with pressure for
several reasons number one being three hundred
degree hot sugar high pressure probably
not a good mix to any kind of
pressurised apparatus that we have
access to isn't gonna build enough
pressure anyway so then it just feels
like we're probably gonna at best ruin a
piece of equipment and at worst like
really hurt ourselves so abandoning the
idea of forming anything under pressure
but maybe it's just a fun excuse to play
with dry ice which I know is not a toy
but it's still fun and then it's like
that's the extent of what we can
accomplish in the Test Kitchen
environment and not in like a laboratory
under like much more controlled
circumstances so at that point it's like
I think we've done due diligence and
like I'm just gonna call it I'm gonna
call this dry ice place and see what
they say I feel like remember me I was
in there six years ago with a wedding
cake alright it's it can we show up in
person and we don't have to pre-order
okay alright we'll do that okay thank
you
[Music]
perfect thank you the plan is we're
gonna add our hands and some dry ice and
while we're waiting on the dry ice I'm
going to go through a couple more
versions of like the cook sugar on the
stove play around with proportions and
temperatures then when the Trice arrives
I'll try whatever version I like best
I'll try it by pouring it over the dry
ice and hopefully getting something with
a little bit of pop so we'll see today's
really looking up dry we're cooking it
past all the sugar stages into caramel
this went crazy look at this you can see
it expanding that is the reaction is
like continuing to happen so the idea is
that I get it into the dry ice and it
immediately hardens so that it cannot
continue to expand like that thereby
like trapping the gas creating like a
tighter denser network of bubbles and
then hopefully there's you know once you
bite into it and it starts to dissolve
there's like a further reaction and some
build up those bubbles I don't know
what's gonna happen but we'll see this
is looking real weird though
alive colors not great I'm thinking
caramels maybe not the way to go time
would taste it it feels at least from
this very edge it kind of seems like the
same kind of texture as that pink
version I made that blob from the end of
day yesterday
hmm it's really weird it's a tiny bit
fizzy not a lot I kind of taste the
baking soda a little bit look what I
made
what is that it's real weird so I tried
making a caramel instead of taking it
just a hard crack like cooking on why
are we sitting on pop rocks you nailed
it the last year tastes a little bit I
kind of made like a cross between the
pop rocks you try it and like honeycomb
candy I'm not too worried this is not
the final version it's not as a busy I
know I don't like this whatever this is
going on like Just Dial with that okay I
had it figured out shut this down this
is you can't really bite into it just
having a giant cookie the dry-ice
arrived we have it in the freezer I
should probably be wearing gloves for
this well dry ice is frozen co two and so
it's sublimates
which means it passes from a solid phase
to gas phase without turning the liquid
first now terrible noise but I don't
want to insulate it I do want it to go
directly on there all right this is
gonna be a really unpleasant okay ah I
can't let you guys do it oh I can't I'm
gonna put it in the freezer and then
close the freezer door so I'm gonna put
another sheet right over it like a lid
because I want that sheet tray to get
very cold also it'll be colder than the
air in the freezer
okay so that's pretty much ready to go
I don't think it's gonna like shatter
good who knows all right I'm gonna get
my dry mixed together again didn't
really what do what I was hoping it
wasn't really horrible I managed to get
a couple of plops the sugar off the end
of the whisk into the freezer maybe like
twenty five to thirty three percent of the total volume of
sugar made it into the freezer I did a
test and I froze the sugar on the dry
ice what you guys I forgot to put the
parchment oh yeah but it's ready
contracted a media Linden stick alright
would you hear popping what's the
definition of a pop rock exactly where
we go any further I am just oh listen to
it
yeah I'm really realize you see your
excitement level come back yeah you
needed this yeah you were getting dark
there yeah I was not being because look
how dense it is that's good that's good
that's what you need it well it still
yeah it's actually probably
microfractures it's not popping it's
probably cracking whatever Brad gradient
I mean it's probably Express cracks from
the superfast freezing and then it's now
like relaxing ready get it to pop rocks
oh oh yeah super fizzy it's popping so
tacky Oh cuz it's sweating oh why
because he got super cold you brought it
out the room temperature good point
all right now just put it into pop rock
form uh-huh and you've done it
mrs pop rocks I think remain I agree
what are we doing all right
maybe we're making pop rocks I mean what
did you want to achieve
it tastes better it did pop it pops it
snaps and crackles it does all that shit
great just got to get it into this
consistency put in an envelope cold
freaking day success boom yeah that's
original is Beth out of here thirteen alien
hey it's a one-trick pony oh I think
this on-ear better replicas really yeah
oh my god didn't see that coming well
thanks Brad neither did I
it's not gonna happen Oh tastes great
there was a kind of novel textural
physical sort of thing happen I know
uh-huh
I was hoping you've got less foam I mean
it's not it's not like rabid dog foamy
but it's what you eat it is lymphomas
not have a problem I don't think the
problem I think that's your greatest
asset may be you just created a
different treat yeah Claire's foaming
[Laughter]
yeah we're all worried that get given
the things we were googling and this
building that we're like on some no-fly
lists now yes I'm in like a professional
kitchen environment but I still very
much think of things as a home cook and
this is definitely beyond the scope of
what we can do and in gourmet makes kind
of scenario I think the part that I'm
most proud of is visually I think they
just look look really good and the
flavor is better so I do think unlike
starbursts I'm happy to wrap this one up
in two days and move on to the next one
which will be a little bit more fun more
of a return to like real pastry kind of
stuff
I don't blame Chris it's although it is
his fault I think I'm gonna turn really
hard to improve my attitude for the next
one I do feel bad that I was so negative
here's how you make gourmet pop rocks
line a rimmed baking sheet with
parchment paper and place in the freezer
combine four tablespoons baking soda
four tablespoons citric acid two
tablespoons powdered freestride
raspberries and one TSP powdered freeze
dried blueberries sift mixture into a
medium bowl grind any larger particles
in a spice grinder and add to bowl set
aside in a medium saucepan combine one hundred
grams sugar fifty grams light corn syrup
and fifty grams water stir over medium high
heat just until the sugar dissolves then
clip a candy thermometer to the side of
the pot and cook without stirring
swirling pot occasionally until the
mixture reaches two hundred ninety degrees
I immediately pour the sugar mixture
into the bowl with the dry ingredients
and whisk rapidly to combine immediately
pour the mixture onto the frozen baking
sheet in a single even layer and let
Harden break the slab into small bits
[Music]

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Starburst | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
is it truly hot I'm burning my fingers
with every stretch you don't see me
complaining there's so many versions I'm
so confused everyone I'm Claire we're in
the big Test Kitchen and today I'm
making gourmet starburst starbursts are
one of those candies it falls into the
category that most candy Falls to do for
me which is I'll eat it if it's in front
of me but I'm not gonna seek it out or
buy it really I prefer in particular the
pink and red ones I do think everyone
thinks that pink is the best
let's look at one so in the original
it's cherry orange strawberry lemon so
pink is strawberry red is cherry and
then the other ones are the other ones
there are summer splash flavors of
starburst gummies all right I'm gonna
try pink but I don't think pink is as
good as I thought I'm here yo can I have
a bite oh my god the complexity gonna
have to get some such a guy I already
hate this one it's gonna be so hard
what's garbage and it's gonna be
pointless the other thing I'm looking
forward to is making the wrappers yeah I
think you need to keep the texture like
not sticky not sticky you don't want it
to like pull your fillings out like a
now and later and you don't want it to
like just kind of dissolve look at me
right right these are the only colors
that there are so it's in the original
yeah yeah only four I mean obviously
pink you're making pink I think you have
to make all of them I think it's how it
works so juicy well exactly
it's
or is that my decide your own spit is it
yeah for sure so you have to make it so
freakin delicious yeah that your mouth
salivate yes Wow well that's gonna be
obviously a challenge well maybe you can
just rely on it being like a Pavlovian
response because it wasn't about the dog
salivating I don't at the sound of the
Bell Pavlov's dog if I can make
something that's close enough to a
starburst maybe people just react like
it's a stirrer yes and then that'll
happen yeah I do appreciate how each one
is so carefully individually wrapped
it's like wrapping presents like
Hospital corners I really do like that
I'm an excellent gift wrapper two
centimeters two centimeters that was
really easy it's very very firm you know
you can kind of stretch and flatten it
it doesn't pull like the way that
caramel does where you get like a big
long thread it kind of starts to tear
apart I would be shocked if the first
two ingredients are not sugar and corn
syrup there might be gelatin in it but
that this is a cooked sugar thing where
it's cooked to one of the candy stages
hold so you get something this chewy and
then flavorings are added to it so the
only thing I can really think of as a
reference point is like a taffy I'm
fairly certain that that's the direction
I need to take and then it's really
gonna be about figuring out how how much
do you cook the sugar so that I get this
proper texture where it's firm that's
still malleable and then figuring out
flavorings
so favorite I'm reading the ingredients
in the shaft aid nobody the first
ingredients corn syrup and then sugar
nailed it corn syrup sugar hydrogenated
palm kernel oil grape juice from
concentrate Presidency's apple lemon
strawberry orange cherry less than two percent
the joy gas extra gelatin food starch
modified natural and artificial flavors
korvac acid parenthesis vitamin C
coloring bread the C red forty yellow
file of six Lou one reading the
ingredient list kind of confirms the
direction I was thinking which is that
it's sort of a taffy like preparation
I'm gonna go over to the computer and
see if I can find any YouTube videos of
starburst factory or anything starburst
like and just a little bit of reading
okay here's the Wikipedia no originally
known as opal fruits is the brand of a
box shaped fruit flavor it's soft taffy
candy there you go oh my god that told
me very little basically nothing I
couldn't find anything about like inside
the factory making it even even taffy I
have to go home basically maybe do a
little more research than some of my
books at home and I have to think about
flavorings I have a good sense of where
to start I think it's gonna be a lot
about fine-tuning and flavor so today
it's day two of starburst I didn't get
too far
yesterday research wasn't terribly
helpful but I think based on ingredients
and the very small amount information I
found we're gonna go to like a taffy
place for this and kind of a pulled
sugar mixture
it's like weirdly hard to find taffy
recipes and I did forget to look at my
confectionery books last night you
pretty much just went to sleep so made
no progress League today I'll kind of
focus on just the taffy mixture and the
sugar and temperature and pulling it and
then once I feel good about that then
worry about flavor I'm just gonna go
over to Gabi's computer cuz I have to
look up a recipe there what I did find
something on chefsteps which is kind of
a cool website so I might go to that and
print it out and use it as a jumping-off
point
it doesn't seem like genie but dance I
hear two hundred sixty two Fahrenheit it's just like
skittles committee exact same thing that
was definitely cheating I feel like that
was cheating I can't just do what they
do but then if that's the answer isn't
it stupid just to not do that so I kind
of guessed I just worked out some
proportions of ingredients that seemed
right I'm just gonna kind of gather
those ingredients and start basically
messing around
so the basic plan is I'm going to cook
together in a saucepan cornstarch sugar
water coconut oil corn syrup and a pinch
of salt
oh whoa geez mix in Belton that I've
softened in the dissolved maybe too much
liquid in the gelatin oh wait a minute I
just realized something I just remember
something which is that when you're
using gelatin sheets you drain them
Greenup them I just had it all that
water oops I think I just ruined it I
think that I'd be up there porting all
that water and now it's just gonna be
ill never
I'm stupid I play Brad reading well
start over
I also the smell of the fish I mean can
the Andy put that in the walk-in or
something
anyone else distracted by the smell of
fish in the whole kitchen so I have to
do the exact same thing I did before
still soften the gelatin but then drain
it before I melt it all right shut up
all right so I think I'm at the polling
phase where I can start to Kathy pull my
goodness what I love it thank you
god I can't wait to share shouldn't use
it this polling process it incorporates
air and so it softens the texture and
makes it sort of fluffy it's like a good
exercise it's a little bit about I know
those arms those mechanical arms we can
make one on the mixer I think it's done
I don't really know why I think that I
think it's just kind of firmed up enough
that I don't really want to keep
stretching it oh God this has no flavor
I didn't add any of the extracts or
citric acid this is just a test for
texture so let me get into a
synthetically lots of Pam I don't know I
think it like feels weirdly on the right
track to get it covered and I'm just
gonna let it set for a bit every room
temp so I have an idea of how firm that
sugars gonna get
this hasn't set up a whole lot it's
still pretty soft the service is much
firmer see how this has a nice pull the
starburst isn't when you do that stretch
it just kind of breaks that's such a
weird texture it's very kind of almost
marshmallowy so now I'm gonna make that
same taffy mixture one more time adding
just an extra tablespoon of cornstarch
and then cooking it hotter overall so
I'm gonna take it to two hundred seventy five Fahrenheit and
hopefully that will give me the firmer
texture that I want
[Music]
[Applause]
who wants to be my my hook oh wait a
minute wait a minute again do me a favor
can you grab that actual dough hook from
there
plugging in in to that but because I
cooked it hotter I think it's gonna
start to set harder faster so I won't I
don't think it's gonna be quite as much
of this stretching so I actually should
probably work with me Rajini a real
quick favor can you spritz this dough
hook little Pam yeah alright so there
you go way to use your noodle
thanks this is so much easier I just had
it out about experience I was like I'm
at work right now and this is happening
all right I'm gonna pull it off the hook
oh my god this part I think that this is
noticeably much firmer than that first
round which is good
this is feeling very very promising I
think I have high hopes for this test so
I want to put this off to the side and
then I'm gonna pivot to the fruit juice
concentrates let's see what we have in
here oh this is oh look wait a minute I
forgot that row to order this like high
quality strawberry extract when we did
Twizzlers
solves that problem cherry flavor you're
a lemon extract orange extract all right
what a great surprise so that's actually
all of our flavors I want to think about
now color because I weirdly kind of have
the flavors figured out that was a good
stroke of luck with these guys hold on
does that not say real fruit juice it
does right I guess I'm wondering should
we be adding fruit juice we have oranges
you might have some frozen cherries
which I could thaw and juice but make
like a juice concentrate and then so the
concentrates will at least give a little
bit of color I think we won't find any
fresh cherry this time of year Jesus
Christ it's been a while so I had red
behind me during one of these episodes
it's very distracting let's see if we
have oranges maybe some more news and
lemons I think the thing to do is to
make the juice concentrate and mixing
with extracts the all one mixture so
that I'm adding color and flavor at the
same time by frozen berries I'm going to
cook down the berries
[Music]
and then just keeps the citrus and use
the Judaizers amp up the yellow tone of
the lemon juice so I'm gonna try to add
in a pinch of saffron the idea is that
these fruit juices will replace the half
cup of water that I've been using in the
taffy mixture to fortify the flavors of
the juice I'm going to add the extracts
in the orange half teaspoon of extract
half teaspoon citric acid same thing in
the lemon I don't think I'm gonna add
citric acid to this because lemon is
already so tart okay does not need such
aggressive to the strawberry then cherry
cherry good now I think the next step
and probably final step for today is
doing another test batch of taffy with
one of these juices and just kind of
seeing what happens what the result is
and then I want to take a look at the
last batch of taffy to see how it
started kind of setup so this is that
second batch of tacky and I cooked
hotter it's still like weirdly soft I
want to compare to the first batch the
first batch is firmed up quite a bit and
it's no firmer than the second batch all
right
lesson learned this needs to set up for
a long time this might be like a come
back the next morning and double-check
so it needs a good long rest okay so I'm
going to keep a temperature of the same
two hundred seventy five otherwise I'm afraid of the getting
too hard and I'm gonna make everything
again the exact same way except I'm
starting out by testing the cherry
flavor
ready watching are you entertained
pretend I'm not here
okay I'm behind the scenes creative I
love it
[Music]
from its four hundred forty seven on a Friday at no energy
you always gonna smile with your eyes oh
my god and just carry us through this
fourth quarter
oh so I'm gonna start to pull the taffy
and I'm wondering if I can even some
greasing the hook I'm wondering if I can
let the hook do even more of the work by
having it spin a little I don't know
we're gonna see okay how do I do it
I think it's not helping I'm just gonna
keep going
core is looking like a super unappealing
shade of mauve it's nobody's favorite
color you know what that looks like
there you go chicken lover oh my god no
it's a fire with a fire retardant stuff
they go around pipes and stuff it looks
just like we don't have the same frames
of reference I thought that the colour
can come from berry juice what I'm
treading enough tart cherry juice
extract alright next rack concentrate
can you buy that yeah Whole Foods has it
oh all right it is red flavors not bad
alright that's good you're close you
eyes your turn really the texture is
like sidewalk up hey Donna run great
work alright alright enjoy your concert
I'll be here yeah mask cowboy have fun
you're dismissed
texture is terrible he was right the
flavor not bad truly it definitely is
that cherry has good tartness I mean
it's a good starting place I think maybe
more just more citric acid more of the
flavoring I have basically three
different temperatures that I can
compare side by side when we come back
for day three and then all I do is work on
flavor
cutting the starburst wrapping them in
some wax paper and that's it
it's day three but it's been like nine
days since day two and I'd forgotten
everything that we've done I think the
biggest question was like what is the
final text you're gonna be and in terms
of the set I don't know that I'll get a
clear answer because they've been
sitting for so long so another one at
two hundred seventy feels softer than the one that I
cooked at two hundred sixty it's gonna yeah I don't
really want that stretch I want it to
tear a little bit more she seems like a
much worse version of starburst this one
is almost like chalky
all right I'm confused about why this
one is so soft if I cooked it hotter so
far nothing makes sensor is working I
want to go back to that original taffy
formula and maybe you have to make some
adjustments so in the recipe they say to
add less than one gram total of like
liquid - taffy once it's cooked so I may
not be able to really incorporate
probably any fresh fruit juice and I
have to rely almost entirely on the oils
for the flavors plus some artificial
food coloring maybe I want to pull the
taffy less to get something firmer and
then I'm going to try to get all my
ingredients together and then go cook
another batch
[Music]
[Laughter]
it's pretty firm
all right the color is pretty great if I
were making strawberry I'm not all right
that felt good
it's definitely the closest it's been it
has a good chew okay so it's doing a lot
of this oh good that's not what we want
so I'm like I think I'm gonna cut back
on gelatin maybe by half and see what
happens
like I'm gonna try a citrus next okay
tastes lemony it's good I compared to
the actual lemon
what do they do to these they think I'm
so good
you know starburst really tastes a lot
better I think for the lemon I'm gonna
go up on the extract up on the citric
acid a little bit because I want it a
little bit more tart also I am now just
really experiencing how different the
textures are what if it's cooked way
hotter and pulled more so it's pretty
hard maybe a little too sour it has the
texture of remember now and laters
we'll pull fillings out of your teeth
keep watching no I'm getting firm but
sticky don't blame me if you have to get
dental work look make sure it's nothing
oh my god labor like it was great yeah
delicious Romans the easiest flavor this
to me is now only an hour later now
later would just like be you just yeah
not break down yeah I don't know how do
I get through the add more cornstarch
more fat but the cat's gonna make it
soft
yeah they don't know I don't even know
else to do well then call it a day and
get some rest
you know you need some inspiration go go
run I'm gonna do sure that guys Brett
said we can stop so cut but it's so hard
I don't understand really don't wanna do
this anymore
should I try orange this time let's try
Orange that was a really a question I
want to try one more round still making
some changes no gelatin more cornstarch
more fat and that's to try to get that
texture that tears apart rather than
stretches
it's hot Oh a stupid show it's not worth
it I think I basically made candy canes
oh my god
so what happened was I made orange
flavor hard candy
so obviously the gelatin is somewhat
important I think the answer is
cornstarch I think more cornstarch and
more maybe the same amount of fat maybe
but maybe the fat is fine I don't know
that's that's as much as I got but
flavor-wise like at least I'm getting a
little bit of the flavor figured out
we're just pretty good so tomorrow I
hope to do a test in the morning and get
the texture right and then just make
four batches each one a flavor get them
into the loaf pans lumps that cut them
out and then I hopefully that'll be it
no wait day three as many as it takes
today I want to do hopefully one final
test batch of taffy doing it strawberry
flavored and this is a version with even
less gelatin more coconut oil more
cornstarch
Oh want to look at the texture which I
fear is not quite right too hard no I
literally might bring it juice I
reminded myself yesterday when I reread
the ingredients that that though like
what is a hydrogenated palm kernel oil
is that the fat is a third ingredient so
there must be a decent amount of fat in
the starburst so I think I'm gonna
increase the cornstarch and the coconut
oil each another tablespoon add in more
gelatin and after that I'm done I'm not
doing that I'm not doing any more
changes it's just gonna be it is what it
is
okay I really think I'm not gonna like
tweak it after this so it'll be fine
we're gonna fake it take him until it
gets to be day four and then I'm not
doing it anymore whatever you did do
more but this is it oh well then you
nailed it thank you Cherry's down three
more to go I think I'm going to go on to
strawberry
I'm listening about talking about me
that's life what did you do
we're simultaneously shooting it's alive
and I'm I'm it I'm I guess not the
technique just leave it you're done just
yeah just leave it it's fine
No
I think you should be the new model
because you can shoot twice the video
yeah it's not really soft we'll see
maybe this one has to get remade I'm
gonna move on to lemon and orange
[Music]
they're really getting a lot harder than
I was expecting what am I doing wrong am
i doing something different than before
all right I'm just gonna keep going and
finish orange Mazel failed with all of
them pretty firm a couple of I just made
all these things now they're all wrong
you know I could I could Jesus Christ
I'm not having a lot of success with
rolling so I'm trying to stretch it by
hand to flatten it out and get it into a
thinner layer I also feel like this
episode is going on forever it's been so
many days you guys it's not that bad I
need one I'm really proud of it didn't
even tell
maybe I'll just serve them warm and then
they'll be like a little softer and then
their gourmet coz that are very hard
firewood problem oh these are yours they
warm up give it a give it like thirty
seconds
keep her in just thirty seconds it gets
better warm up Ohio what's true late was
awesome sorry
you know you nailed now I know one of
those get a bowl for now that sounds
like a fixing impose yeah yeah and just
you know big they got technology every
time you say star a star for a second
only I know what I would do differently
though hmm Kelly just more coal oil more
fat it softens up much more I'm free
yeah
embrace the stretch Jane yeah well I'm
think I'm close I don't think that's
nails it but I'm also not gonna make
this anymore
I refuse I don't know show me got one
more time tomorrow yeah can I only make
one flavor though I wait I have a really
good idea I have such a good idea why
didn't I do this because I'm a prisoner
of my own brain
I'm sure I can one more time tomorrow so
tomorrow I'm going to try maybe one
final batch where I double the volume
that I've been working with divide it
between for mixing bowls each with its
own flavor in color I try to get some
friends to come help me with the pulling
part so I don't have to do the like for
all in a row which is very
time-consuming really annoying I need to
ask the road for a favor I need everyone
together I need a phone a friend I need
three of you we're gonna be right here
that's what I'm asking
get all the sand mixers in a row but I
need everyone to simultaneously pull the
taffy I'm shooting a video together to
our motives
okay dad go because what do you have
here oh nothing I am nerve damage okay
yeah Christy technique like five minutes
I wasn't well you're you're about to be
yeah just gonna sit here while the
cameras off and just cut little squares
of paper and wrap everything just
because it feels good actually love
wrapping presents this is kind of fun
[Music]
tomorrow I still think I should do
another test batch I think I need to do
another test batch to at least just to
weigh out like how much sugar and
everything so tomorrow I'll come in make
a quick test batch then hopefully I
don't want to say it never mind we have
a new game plan the first thing I want
to do is that quick test batch ready
turns out the key to getting your mouth
to water when you eat something is
citric acid because they really have
that effect
[Music]
well the color looks great
I'll say that so I changed two things
want to change temperature to I changed
the proportion of coconut oil so it
seems like the amount of coconut oil was
enough to like significantly soften the
texture and then you add in the lower
sugar temperature and the whole thing
seems too soft I'm gonna start getting
together all my ingredients and my setup
for all four by the time it's I'm ready
to start I can come back and see if this
has set anymore and I can make the
determination then about what
temperature I'm going to take the sugar
to my confidence is super low I just
need it to be good enough it seems to be
fine okay
just everyone stay close and do what I
say except for you Chris you can do it
everyone you're my favorite this is my
favorite this feels appropriate for
what's happening today and right there
okay here's the game plan
everyone pick a station one batch of
sugar getting divided into four batches
of taffy each a different color and
flavor they don't have any questions
what happens if we fail there's just
gonna be one fewer flavor of starbursts
all right everyone not like your gelatin
oh my god whoa whoa whoa whoa
everyone back uses a little clearance oh
my god oh wait I overshot it
wait what is happening with all of yours
[Music]
can you grab me the yellow Chris what's
happening over there because now we need
eight peoples we need for people to
counter wave all right Veronica with
yours able to incorporate Chris what's
happening oh my god it's too hot and hot
Molly what's happening okay I think
you're ready to press it into the into
the pan
no but do it but do it anyway I feel
like I'm down
day yeah Chris look a ladle I'll never
figure that as long as I live
[Music]
how do everyone feel about their badge
you're great I'm actually sweating a lot
I feel like that all the time with the
core maybe it's what you guys to know
considering how hectic that got and I
kind of blacked out the colors look
decent even though I wasn't really
paying attention here we go let me know
let me set I'm gonna go get a cold drink
of water and sit down and like having
[Music]
things really firmed up already feels
good all right it feels good it's
definitely more flexible than yesterday
I've high hopes actually this was Chris
I'm sure to pull it apart see what
happens okay
oh good
I probably would lie if it weren't true
but I do think it's the best one yet
it's soft enough to immediately chew
like a starburst and it doesn't do that
like super long stretch thing there's
definitely like a mouthwatering effect
this is definitely the best it's been so
far pink looks a little crazy alright
but elite fool pink is hard candy that's
a bummer
who yellows a little soft oh so sticky
it sucks
poor orange a little hard a little hard
crack never quite right this one well
let's say I only make red is that okay
oh that's a starburst right actually
they're less for me than the originals
because ours don't have fresh fruit
juice and there's do ya worth version of
yes and attempts and I didn't even
really do it we're calling it I'm done
mmm that's good
is there a rapping situation yeah we're
gonna do that at least I can sit there
in silence I'm moving into the craft
portion of this show
now what's happening bread
imagine your feeling of failure right
now and then double it because that's
what I'm going through like the center's
acting like you don't even know I don't
know I don't you you didn't even get my
pun but that was that but you're gonna
find a friend doesn't even care you
don't uh know don't even know I get it
here you the first time she's cracking
up
we're broken Thank You Gabi Gabi got it
all done nothing else is going to change
facts it really you're you're
bullshitting me as it warms up a little
yeah the Texas House to come through
yeah
starts to get a little too year yeah
flavors awesome this one was hard this
one was hard
I hate starbursts I would rather temper
chocolate didn't do this again I don't
blame you at this point I can't take my
chocolate like all day long just let it
warm up a little bit oh really
Molly
you bet you've been cut out of the video
Larry the only one that turned out I
knew it was cookie your positive
attitude look at that's right that's
awesome thank you come on you bite a
piece off Chris takes the smallest
nibbles I've ever seen that's not from a
from a human being very interesting legs
by aha
they starters
I think that's all we need to focus on
here
you know Chris your positive attitude is
incredible
thank you I don't feel anything right
now
and big smiles no I'm not I'm not
smiling nope
[Music]
okay
alright here's how you make it's not
gourmet okay wine all right here's how
you make a gourmet starburst Greeson
line for standard loaf pans with refined
coconut oil and parchment paper fine one hundred
grams sugar of one hundred grams light corn
syrup and thirty five grams water in a small
saucepan in a separate bowl combine
quarter cup refined coconut oil one
tablespoon cornstarch a pinch of kosher
salt and one teaspoon citric acid in
another small bowl softened half a sheet
of one hundred forty bloom bronze gelatin in cold
water for about ten minutes drain and
wring out the gelatin then melt in a
small saucepan set aside cook the sugar
mixture to three hundred Fahrenheit swirling then
immediately pour into a medium bowl
scraping the coconut oil mixture and
melted gelatin then add either three eigths
teaspoon cherry or strawberry flavor oil
or three quarters teaspoon citrus extract plus food
coloring of the corresponding color
makes for the hand mixer on low to
combine then increase speed and beat on
high until you get a slowly dissolving
ribbon transfer mixer to a sheet of
greased parchment and let's sit until
cool enough to handle begin to stretch
the mixture with gloved greased hands
using a hook to help you until it's
lightened and color firm and nearly room
temperature press into a prepared loaf
pan and repeat process with the other
flavors let the taffy set for several
hours before cutting into squares and
wrapping individually what really
I thought something horrible happened no
that's like sometimes I just like to
make a noise

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Twix | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
when Summit's originally came out so
much I competitor they were like wait
for her at all
peanuts are you like a snack food
historian yeah but some bitch were great
and tricks just crush them look I think
he bars I need to be the person to tell
you that every single person here
disagrees with you I know you're the
boss what does the can't work I'm y'all
I just I need you I just please I oh
damn it
hey everyone I'm Claire we were in the
BA's kitchen and today I'm making gourmet
Twix
I like Twix I think in the over-under
like good good Candy's bad candies it's
definitely good candy and it's been a
loss of head Twix but I know it's
caramel there's like a cookie and
chocolate yeah crunchy cookie delicious
caramel creamy chocolate cookie bars all
good things the thing that I think about
most when I think of Twix are like the
older commercials where they show the
like cascading waves of melted chocolate
covering like like losing down and over
the caramel on top of the cookie I'm
very excited so I have to have my after
lunch dessert just ever that my
after-dinner dessert the dessert twice a
day no no after breakfast dessert that's
inappropriate looks great
have two little waves down the top
whatever that pattern is it's like the
little heartbeat on the monitor pattern
on the base
oh yeah very stretchy caramel there's
the cookie face it
delicious Twix is one of the few candies
or snack things that tastes exactly the
way I remember very chewy caramel very
sweet chocolate as I was expecting and
very crisp dry almost dry cookie tears
all the kinds I'm gonna start with the
egg something weird about it I think the
cooking is different and it's not as
good white chocolate
all my favorite I'm happy to see those a
dark chocolate version this chocolate
looks very very dark it's an
unpleasantly bitter dark chocolate kind
of disappointed okay triple chocolate so
this is chocolate caramel and chocolate
cookie there's something wrong with that
one you guys need to taste this
something went wrong someone someone's
gonna lose their job over this see look
at Danis just spit it out oh it is well
more highs and lows that I've ever
experienced in the taste think of all
the different candy varieties given that
chris is a super taster that might kill
him he might die you wanna taste
something disgusting really
wait for it I was ready for like
fireworks of awfulness was it just the
one I we tried I still have the bad
aftertaste in my mouth from eating this
yeah yes that was a useful exercise if
only to confirm that like there is no
Twix
except for original Twix in my mind I
only have eyes for this guy confidence
level is pretty high because if only
because I can combine a lot of the
experience from previous episode so like
I think a lot of what I learned in
Snickers will apply here and also some
some of the things I learned on almond
joy will help a lot
chewy caramels essential crisp sort of
dry cookie something in the shortbread
realm it's this creamy chocolate doesn't
say milk chocolate I could do what I've
done in the passages and do a mixture of
milk and dark to kind of get the right
balance of sweet and bitter what I'm
gonna travel yes I remember the
chocolate at this point let's just
assume only tempering chocolate if I can
get the cookie in one day it might be a
to two and a half day challenge
so end to end it is nine point seven
centimeters and it's about two point three
centimeters wide the height is one and a
half centimeters so I want to try to
isolate the cookie from the chocolate
and the caramel just to really see what
the shape is it's very interesting when
I just found one there's this like line
of divots down the top of that far and
then the caramel has like the opposite
relief of the divots and it might be to
create an air pocket to make it easier
to release from the mold
it also has smooth sides all around
which tells me that it's not a cookie
that's made in a slab and then sliced
its preformed into the shape and then
baked
it almost seems like there's another
flower in here besides wheat flour like
a rice flour or something that's it's
like a tiny bit of grit it's not very
sweet it basically has no flavor on its
own you can definitely make this part
taste better it's a pretty tight caramel
almost intolerably sweet on its own I
think there's probably a pretty high
proportion of corn syrup in there it
does make me realize just to what extent
Twix is greater than sum of its parts
because not really any one of these
things is something that I'd like to eat
on its own Lucina che earlier today told
me that Twix is her second favorite
candy
second only to Ferrero Rocher come on is
this gonna be about cascading waves of
chocolate yes yes and then it goes like
low motion yes and it cascades from some
place out of frame from some reckless
chocolate fountain really bubbly and
people know it was part of their
marketing if there's left quicksand
right Twix I don't think that's prey yes
I'm a lefty or a righty let's try it I
don't this is not left-handed no it's
not just eat the tricks I was gonna ask
you what are your thoughts I think you
have to nail the consistency of the
caramel yes you wanted the bite and the
pole to be that cute like firmness and
chewiness like not too runny but also
not too hard right it's not like
sticking to your teeth right and then
the consistency of whatever that unknown
shortbread cookie yes yes nondescript
cookie I know at this point they make me
say this but now for my favorite part
reading the ingredients no chocolate
sugar cocoa butter flagyl for that so
I'll se JP are the flavors enriched
wheat flour this is wheat flour knives
and iron
I mean monohydrate look at sugar palm
oil syrupy milk dextrose less than two percent
salt cocoa powder soy last modified corn
star taking soda artificial flavor okay
process that a whole lot of ingredients
in that so baking soda I'm sure that
that's an ingredient in the cookie
that's giving it kind of like lift and
aeration in the cookie wheat flour sugar
palm oil not surprised
so no butter the ingredient list told me
a lot so research will just sort of be
like being more focused on I guess
construction and assembly the name Twix
is a portmanteau derived from twin
biscuit sticks fascinating and no it's a
really good fun fact this chocolate and
caramel candy bar is famous for his
sweet cookie snap and in case you were
wondering when all those little holes in
the cookie dough do I was wondering one
is it it actually helps it release from
the mold or firstly didn't I say that
and it's calling you Gabi oh you could
be in the video I didn't learn a whole
lot during the research space but that's
okay because I think I kind of got
everything I need to know you're just
tasting and measuring and all that I'm
feeling pretty good actually about this
one today I want to start on a cookie
which is kind of like a central
component I want to start with a basic
shortbread and see where I get with that
I might have to add a little bit of
lemon which is not typical in shortbread
shortbread it's just butter flour sugar
and as I remember from reading the text
ingredients there's there's no butter at
all in the recipe so that's a really
good place to start because we're
already going to improve the flavor
quite a bit
I'll do two separate recipes one with
baking powder one without and I did come
across a shortbread recipe that's based
on a Michael Ruhlman recipe that uses a
little bit of rice flour along with
all-purpose flour which is interesting
so that helps you get a very kind of
sandy crispy texture so that's an
interesting idea
add my vanilla and then my ingredients
makes it go all right so this is pretty
well mixed I measure this recipe right
it just seems very crumbly just makes me
wonder if I goofed up the flour but how
could I have screwed up such a simple
recipe I'm sure there's sure there's
away I'm going to put this into the
fridge and then I'm gonna do the exact
same thing but add baking powder and
that's because I want to do a side by
side to see if adding up at eleven in gives
me a better texture in a cookie so feed
paper baking powder that goes into the
fridge so this was that first shortbread
no baking powder so I'll roll it out to
the right thickness and then cut it into
bars this can't be the dough do i right
there must be done wrong I'm getting off
to a bad start
I started looking up if I wrote this
down wrong because I don't know how this
could be right I did do it wrong I did
do it wrong
I would prefer not to tell you what I
did wrong but I loved it out the extra
six tablespoons of butter it did seem so
dry God something is happening it is is
mercury in retrograde that's a thing
right yeah it is
no can you fill it is it can that from
what I can tell if one hundred percent of the
time in retrograde no oh about how
helping oh so this test is it's it's not
pointless you know so we're not the test
I thought it was I'm gonna bake it just
see what happened one good thing is that
they gained kind of a smooth exterior
even on the cut sides they didn't change
in terms of dimensions at all which is
good that's what we want it's pretty
sweet I wonder if maybe that's a little
too much sugar I need the thing about
balance if I use dark chocolate and so I
get that bitterness and that intensity
and I make a really dark caramel it
actually might provide good balance to
have some sugar in the cookie
surprisingly it's not that bad
considering I left out a quarter of the
butter I think that maybe cross-section
wise they're a little big yeah I got to
make them like half as tall here's my
plan I'm going to add butter back into
the existing Joe that I made with baking
powder
so three tablespoons then I'm gonna
remake this original Joe again also
adding back three tablespoons so I can
do a side by side of two identical
dough's with a little more butter one
with baking powder
[Music]
the baking powder did a little bit of
spreading but then so did the version
without baking powder but I think that
actually had more to do with dough
temperature this dough is more room temp
when it women you know they're
definitely more golden than the cookie
inside the Twix I'm deciding not to care
about that because I think that's really
important for flavor
I love shortbread you're good okay so
that's without this is with not only is
there not a huge difference I don't
think that the things that the bacons
that are bringing are necessarily adding
a lot or helping texture wives it's
pretty good like this could be a tiny
bit drier so I'm trying to isolate it so
you can try I want to I want to know
your thoughts oh yeah here all okay now
you just can't look when you eat it yeah
the essence of butter is so intense and
pure in the shortbread
thank you for permission I think that I
thought I feel good about it the nightly
works yeah cool right right
that was like weirdly not that hard I'm
feeling like today maybe not gonna be
the day that I finish in which case this
is the second day I do want to just do
one quick experiment this is what I want
to try is basically shaving down the
sides using a fine grater like this just
to see if I can make it straight working
pretty well
kind of surprised straight a little wavy
that looks really good so now at least I
have kind of a back-up plan if they're
not baking with really straight sides I
don't have to keep doing this part it's
just kind of fun and satisfying I'll
talk to you about the caramel while I'm
doing this I did a recipe a while back
that appeared the magazine for a salted
a chocolate what is it a salted caramel
chocolate tart the caramel had to be
soft enough that you could cut it but
that it also was foramina fed it went
just like ooze out of the tart right
away it's just sugar corn syrup a little
water to it and then all right so this
is that caramel it's still warm but you
can see it's now firm enough where I can
kind of roll it around and work with it
so that's good I'm gonna taste it it's
like one thousand times better than the caramel
in the Twix my best bet is to actually
pour the caramel out into a mold and
then let it set and I can cut it into
bar shapes to match the cookie the
length of the cookie is almost exactly
the width of the pan so that means I can
just cut across I have these three pans
of caramel they're already setting up
but I want to get them into the fridge
so they set really quickly and then I
think I'm gonna move into the final
thing I'll probably be able to get done
today which is trying to marry the
caramel and the cookies you say caramel
what's you say what do you say people
say all different things
carmel car no caramel caramel is there a
right way I don't know um there's one
right way I like your attitude
right there's me if there's any ways to
say it oh look at the leg
all right so that that alone well let me
grab the coast oh yeah sorry we didn't
save you any
have a bite yeah it's not dry enough I'm
actually gonna take them again tomorrow
and and really dehydrate them I love
shortbread I'm afraid it's a little cute
short ready and oh my god Claire you
have to have the holes
no but I'm entering the holes why do I
have to have literally nobody knows that
that's their more like everyone knows
these plates that's not a thing no one
has said that really truth be told I did
forget about the little divots and the
cookie before it today
apparently not great thanks actually
where you want to grab me that torch
this stuff is hard to cut because it's
so sticky don't get too close to your
face so to cut through the caramel which
is really sticky and a little bit firm
you're gonna heat up my knife you know I
can't turn it on I know I never
understood that to be honest what you
mean it's like I don't want this on my
camera right I don't even want to
explain why but it's in a circle there
is no right and left just clockwise and
counterclockwise okay so which way is
right right there this way but but right
but what if the arrow is on the bottom
and then turning it right is the other
direction so if you're under a car and
it's like this you have to right exactly
it doesn't make sense to use left and
right when it's a circle it works
perfectly ready tell you look all right
well thanks for finally explaining that
I never understood it lefty loosey
the knife is stuck it's not good all
right the camel is very firm which I
wanted I'm worried that maybe it's a bit
too firm like sticking your teeth I want
it to fall a little bit over top of the
cookie so I'm gonna try to gently heat
it I hope I don't regret this part and
hopefully in kind of losing it also
sticks and adheres a little bit to the
cookie wait a minute I forgot again I'm
like really happy with that it looks
pretty good
do you think caramels a little tiny bit
thick but I'm not that worried if
there's a you know an extra millimeter
of caramel in terms of thickness
Wow
so far you're at eight inches okay oh my god
oh my god nine out of ten yeah like I'm afraid yeah
well you haven't done the chocolate yet
true so I'm gonna put the caramel back
in the pan cuz I'm happy with this it
was a good useful test then I'm going to
go back to the cookies and use the
grater to keep filing away those edges
make them into nice bars so this might
be a time like most episodes decor makes
where we got the dehydrator and we get
the cookies baked to the point we want
to bake them and then let them totally
dry out I've never dehydrated a cookie I
don't quite know what it would do to the
texture I imagine it's just what I think
it would do just give it that super
crisp snap okay now I can just sit here
and peacefully just weirdly soothing to
shave off the sides of the cookie
very pleasing to me having all these
nice straight edge uniform cookies I
want to get them in the dehydrator so
I'm gonna go grab that and set it up so
it makes me look like The Incredible
Hulk because it looks bigger I think
today went really well I got actually a
little further along than I thought I
would and I think the caramel and
cookies are in a good place hopefully in
the morning I can focus on that assembly
part and I think it would be ambitious
but goal could be enrolling them in the
afternoon letting them set and then
finishing up tomorrow and a day it's
gonna go damn let's so skeptical it's
going great what could go wrong I don't
think there's a cursor that third day
that's something other people talk about
but that's the idea that I come in on
day three feeling like all I have to do is
wrap it up maybe a couple of finishing
flourishes and then disaster strikes and
I have to start over
first things first I want to look at the
short breads that have been dehydrating
on very low temp
all night I like love how shaving off
the sides looks they just look so smooth
and regular there we go left Twix and
right twigs all right I think that's
looking if I'm in a good place with the
size of the cookie I think it's the
right amount of dry it crumbles nicely
like it turns into really Pleasant
buttery little crumbs which i think is
important when everything's put together
I think the place to start today is to
just grab my second dough and roll out
some more bars and we're baking them and
then I have a lot of cookies to work
with for when I'm assembling
that's usually not what I do I love this
part my favorite part of your like
trimming the biskits stuff yeah
what's like your I'm having I'm really
good yeah
I'm gonna check on these yet okay what
I'm thinking about doing is slicing
crosswise to get strips of caramel the
right widths and lengths for the cookies
I think what I'll do is make just like a
little paper covering like a little
sleeve for each bar of caramel and I
want to fit it back into the pan just
like this so having that little lip of
paper in between each strip of caramel
will put the from fusing back together
and while they're in the pan and I just
have to make nineteen more of these to fill
the two loaf pans
so there's actually eleven in each for the
two pans so let's look at the cookies
all right I'm kind of excited it's time
to fuse our caramel and cookies there
was that weird layer of chocolate in
between the cookie and the caramel which
I'm kind of skipping because I think I
can get the caramel to stick to the
cookie all on its own so my plan is this
take the torch
soften the top layer of caramel oh damn
it well I got the parchment paper on
fire and the caramel is not even a
little bit warm all right torch is a bad
idea
oh it's still on there we go I'm gonna
try to pin it to using a heat gun it's
it's good it's working it's definitely
softening the surface and apply the
cookie upside down onto the caramel and
press gently just to get them to adhere
right that seems really good I feel like
the cookie is really on there yes I'm
I've never had a better time I think
gourmet makes it's so clean and
everything's fitting
oh she's nothing or gourmet makes ever
works so it looks pretty great I'm gonna
put this into a fridge so that the
caramel hardens and firms up really well
I'm gonna move on to chocolate phase
yeah we're gonna temper the chocolate
and so we're setting up our immersion
circulator because I am going to try to
do it sous-vide so chocolate tempering
from like the one hundred thousand time on this
show is where you melt chocolate and
bring it down and then back up to
certain temperatures so that you get a
chocolate once it cools that has kind of
a snap and a shine tempered chocolate is
good because when you pick it up the
won't immediately start to melt into
your fingers and it's just sort of like
sturdier and makes a better coating I
feel totally different about chocolate
tempering at this point I don't really
care I know I have to do it I might as
well get it over with this is the fourth
time I tried to temper chocolate on this
show fourth or fifth I don't remember
third we did it with Snickers we did it
with almond joy which is a disaster it's
not tempered because it's still liquid
duh I have no idea what went wrong I did
everything it said
kind of getting harder not easier one
thing that was a good learning thing
from last time was using the vacuum
sealer and this the plastic tubing to
create like sort of like makeshift
pastry bags so what I want to do is to
make two different bags of chocolate one
is going to be a bigger bag and that's
what I'll use to coat your Twix across
the tops and one will be a slightly
smaller bag just to put any chocolate
along the bottom alright that looks
great so then here's the triangle so
once it's all melted I'll be able to use
it like a pastry bag this way I'm gonna
get this into the water to start melting
and then this is that larger bag of
chocolate oh dammit that's wrong forgot
to put another bag Heelers forgetting
something actually I didn't know I was
forgetting something
alright fur on it last time I put
another bag in it damn it hold on no I
have to care because it really works so
much better if there's a bag over it it
really helps prevent any water from
getting into the chocolate as it's
coming out of the bag which those two
things don't really mix well
[Music]
there we go so I have to wait for all of
these to come up to one hundred fifteen they'll be fully
melted and I want to actually unmold my
twittering so mission accomplished
because the caramel has adhered nicely
to the cookie right now I'm just holding
onto the caramel it's not separating on
some of them the caramel is a little bit
longer than the cookie itself so I'm
going to also trim that I don't want
there to be too much caramel overall
relative to the cookie it's this show is
seventy five percent crafting but that's why I like it so
now all I want to do before I get this
back into the fridge to chill is use the
heat gun to just soften those caramel
edges a little bit so those not they're
not quite so right angle they look so
good back into the fridge so really set
up again just massaging the chocolate to
make sure that there's no I don't feel
any bits of chocolate that have a melted
yet and are so hard all right I think
this is good so I'm gonna take this down
eighty four I'm going to sit here just massaging
the chocolate to make sure that
everything if I the bag hits this temp
or I'm gonna turn it back up now nineteen I
want to add you take constantly I will
pull out this smaller bag dry it off
take it out of the outer bag and I'm
gonna do the temper test on a little
offset spatula just to make sure it's
pretty good it's not so much that it's
shiny it said it there's like a satin
finish I'm not sure that I really did it
I feel hopeful I'm doing the BA I'm
coating the bottoms so here's my plan
basically one by one a stripe of
chocolate on the bottom and then
precedent so spread that's it yes Deline
you want to pull out an actual Twix and
we can look at it the bottom is like
maybe a quarter
of the thickness of this Oh interesting
okay I can go pretty thin really all
right that's good so I'll come back in
about ten minutes and double-check see
what they look like on the bottom what I
kind of liked about using the SIL pet is
a steel pet has a bit of like a pattern
which is cool because I think it kind of
recalls a little bit the pattern on the
bottom of the Twix now I'm going to work
one by one and just use a little paring
knife to trim off any excess chocolate
so I'm gonna get these back into the
fridge to chill for just a few minutes
before I start to in rove maybe I should
do freezer and then they'll really cool
down let me do freezer after just a
couple minutes in the freezer I think
they were definitely cold enough and I
think we're ready to in robe I'm trying
to work quickly
[Music]
my main concern right now is that I'm
using a lot of the chocolate and I'm not
gonna have a lot left for the second
trade the first one looked really good
but it's definitely sending up quickly
on such cold candies damn you should
never have frozen them where those
attached will go
now the problem is the other ones have
set up much too much to get any texture
in it
I want to talk about it
[Music]
I hate chocolate ones I'm not doing it
anyway
[Music]
I don't want it done clearly I'm not
saying anything just give me a second to
process why did I do so many at once
some of them look ok but I think
basically the problems were the
following the chocolate set up super
quickly like you gotta go and come back
I'll be Brad I can't you know I wanted
it to like set up slowly enough that I
could go back in with an offset spatula
and make a little pattern across the top
but setup and almost immediately I
should have done like two at a time and
now I'm really worried because I think
the layer is so thick least I know I
tempered the chocolate these were the
last two I did so they were the slowest
chipset I was trying to go for something
similar to that on all of them and it
didn't really work fried now I'm ready
because now I need I need I need your
sympathy I'm not happy very unhappy you
guys are ruining a great
yeah the chocolate is not fully set good
what let this happen though
well they snap through the carburetor
dad are you going yeah this is walking
away from my misery delicious treats is
a delicious candy it's not a Twix all
right they don't taste like it tastes I
think you're very close it could just be
the amount of job you do it you were
like you're far off you've made
something different then come close I
didn't say you were far off do you think
if I put a heat gun and dropped it I
think it's worth a shot
on one I think you're gonna make up I
think it's gonna be hard to control yeah
[Music]
all right so that worked
seemingly really well I want to transfer
this one off because I love the way that
looks like I wanted to get more heat
from the gun on point on other bars so
I'm gonna try to remove it and get it
onto this parchment
[Music]
well that's heard laughing that was bed
ten minutes ago I could not talk and I
was gonna throw something in the
director now I feel a little better this
process is actually kind of fun
thank God the heat guns do the show
without it I want to get these in the
fridge before anything else happens to
them so they can really finish setting
at least they look neat uniform this was
more of a first pass I think for the
final so you know it's not that bad it's
not quite where I want it to be
definitely it definitely has a pull I
guess it's going to well I'm over it
but I still have ten more that are
uncovered and I can code again tomorrow
and some type of chocolate and hopefully
those are the best ones yet and I can
avoid some of these issues we can look
at the ones at it yesterday just just
kind of see how they ended up looking
and how that chocolate looks a lot isn't
tempered because it was tempered and
then in order to send it out I rewarmed
it and that rewarming broke the temper
you got your patented slightly
holographic my patented in fat bloom
yeah exactly
good talk like that right right the
saffet she is brilliant and everyone is
like we don't know how she got that
you're in Destin uh hello well if this
doesn't work out that's what I'll be
doing at the end of this episode if they
met I did it on purpose yeah with the
patented avid shoot okay I'm curious and
I'm sure you've covered this
if you get do get it an ability than to
detach your caramel from your cookie
damn it Carla because that was not part
of it then yesterday Brad was like if it
doesn't have the divots on the top and
it's then I don't want it if I was told
about the caramel nibbling then I would
have put a layer of chocolate in between
the cookie and the caramel which they've
done which they've done and I skipped at
little holes oops
today I have the second half of my the
bars the cookie with the caramel on top
that has been in the fridge and I'm
going to do everything again the Lisa
tempering seemed to go well I want the
bars to be cold but they're gonna be
fridge cold not for circle I think I'm
going to create lots of smaller bags of
chocolate so that I can go two at a time
and coat them carefully and then I'm not
worried about the chocolate hardening
too quickly
[Music]
Hue's I'm gonna do I'm gonna do a temper
test
I think it's tempered I think it's fine
I'm just that's what I'm doing
differently as I'm gonna focus more one
by one and I'm also going to use the
offset and I'm gonna work more on
coverage everywhere
one by one oh no it's heading up so fast
all right I'm not gonna do any texture
on this one because I think it's still a
little bit cold
let me try with another one I have to
work even more quickly than I thought
well this is not easy
nope what went wrong is it's just
setting up so fast now I have to
immediately go in with the offset to
wipe off excess and maybe then do the
little crosshatch and then do the taps
and I think that'll give me what I'm
looking for overall I think I did the
best that I could know that
circumstances I feel good about the
sous-vide chocolate tempering method
finally I feel good about the shape and
overall dimensions of everything I think
it's you know it's not identical but
it's very very close to the Twix to the
original and I'm glad that I made a
really nice shortbread a very good
caramel and well tempered dark chocolate
so I think all the components are
functioning the way they should and
serving a purpose they could look worse
there we go that's what I'm going for
Feenie get the knife we got a cut one
open wait don't you want to try it at
the pole
whoo do you want to try eating out let's
do it Carlo say you wanna try eating a
caramel off the top why there's no dots
on there well nice job off all right
separation past all right it melts in my
hands oh Claire the original oh is that
what's going on no we're gonna go with
that when you bite into it I like oh my
god you mimic the twigs right right but
I guess that's not the show right
depends on that's clarity for I think
you've cleared a twitchy twitchy when I
say Trixie yeah you made it Trixie
Thanks
that is entertainment class uh-huh well
at least I can make some caramel wow
this is so much better yeah no one said
that yet okay really
Braddock screw buttery I disagreed no no
no no no no I know I mean I was not very
exactly I think that the most successful
part of this was the caramel which I
weirdly kind of only did once well I
think the chocolate is just clearly like
Serperior oh they're gonna say
well-tempered but yes thank you my only
criticism of these is that I think there
could be more cookie actually I feel
like I disagree because I would say
because even Rosie pack so much more
flavor into that much less cookie mhm
it's perfect it's the perfect balance so
okay I love that thank you appreciate
the help thank you
this wasn't so much the making Twix
episode as it was the chocolate
tempering episode I'm going from being
terrible to approaching maybe halfway
decent so there's a the moment of
despair where I realize something failed
or didn't work and I know I've to do it
again and then I get super frustrated
and irritated but coming back repeating
it it always turns out better so that
that's that's less than all of these
here's how you make gourmet Twix to make
the cookie in the bowl of the stand
mixer fitted with the paddle
be two sticks plus three tablespoons
room temperature unsalted butter and
three quarter cups granulated sugar
until smooth at combined add two and a
half cups all-purpose flour
third of a cup of white rice flour and
one and a half teaspoons kosher salt you
dunloe just until combined
grabbed on plastic and chill until cold
roll out chilled shortbread dough to a
scant one centimeter thickness and cut
into bars one point eight centimeters wide and nine
centimeters long and bake three hundred twenty five until pale
and crisp all over let cool completely
use a fine rasp grater to shave off any
irregular edges and create smooth even
sides place the cookies in a dehydrator
and let dry for about thirty minutes to make
the caramel combine one-and-a-half cups
sugar two tablespoons corn syrup one eighth of a
teaspoon cream of tarter and a third of
a cup water in a small saucepan and stir
over medium heat to dissolve sugar bring
to a boil and cook washing downside to
the pastry brush until you have a dark
amber caramel remove from heat and
stirring six tablespoons unsalted butter
third of a cup heavy cream and one
teaspoon kosher salt find three standard
loaf pans with parchment paper and
grease or caramel into a pan to a depth
of about point four centimeters and
chill until caramel is set remove
caramel from pants and cut crosswise
into bars about one point three centimeters wide
place each cookie all over top of a
strip of caramel and use a heat gun to
gently warm the caramel so it softens
and slumps slightly over cookie chill
while you temper the chocolate temper
the chocolate both the bottoms of the
cookies and a thin layer of chocolate
on top of the still pet lined baking
sheet chill to set chocolate and trim
any excess chocolate from around sides
of cookies pipe tempered chocolate over
top of chilled cookie and caramel and
quickly use an offset spatula to texture
the top of the bar chill until set
what's the type to fun when it starts
off like hard what do you call something
that's not fun in the moment and not fun
later I just suck Simon I'm just stuck
like an actual fun that I've had on this
show
nothing's coming to mind

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Doritos | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
if your order it talked about a couple
of creams it's so good is that the one
where they wrap the soft tortilla around
the hard toward the hard taco shop yeah
you know from the technician video hey
everyone I'm Claire today we were in the
VA Test Kitchen and I'm making gourmet
Doritos I'm pretty excited about Doritos
I have a sweet tooth I'm a dessert
person I don't have like the gene that
makes me want to just like eat crunchy
salty snacky things unless it's a Dorito
all right I'll start with nacho cheese
these are delightful in every possible
way they're so crunchy not greasy lots
and lots and lots of air bubbles so
there's such an incredible light crisp
texture and of course most importantly
the powdery spice flavor coating on the
chips which is perfectly even oh my god
what an amazing food my brain and
experience tells me that it's a plain
corn tortilla chip with some kind of
seasoning coating sprayed on it
oh that's in the chip because from a
production standpoint all these flavors
it's way easier just to spray it on top
of a single bass chip you don't have to
change the formula
my preferred flavor mmm these are very
good maybe a little too sweet they're so
good why'd you do that to me sorry I
need someone to follow me around this
whole shoot with a wet paper towel spicy
nacho truly excellent compliments to the
Dorito people to the Dorito Chef of all
of the Reds of snacks that I have tasted
for this show this has the most
impressive flavor range often you have
like one central product and then the
variations fall quite short these are
all like pretty tasty I sort
think for the beginning like I'm not
going to nail the flavor of Doritos it's
equally making coca-cola it's like this
is a closely guarded industry secret
that no one can ever replicate because
there's like some some magic happening
but if I can make something close that
has that same like addictive delicious
quality then I'll consider that as
success your chip person where do
Doritos fall under list of favorite
chips I mean your brain short-circuits
and then it's like just give me more
it's true or false
Doritos are the most perfect snack would
ever made true true you went to a
restaurant yeah but what's your flavor
preference between the two see these are
the classic yeah flavors yeah I love
them both it's kind of like children you
know um but really of one favorite
really you have a piece just for me do
you think it's acceptable to bring in
some of the flavor notes from the other
types of Doritos that's a big question I
think they all have such strong
identities as their own thing mm-hmm
you're gonna do a Dorito you need to do
nacho cheese or you need to do Cool
Ranch
so which one would you do that's like
what's your favorite kid the ha that's a
probably just said nacho cheese okay
someone hands me a Dorito and I don't
look at it I'm inspecting that nacho
cheese that looks such a saturation of
that green green and red and orange it's
practically like Christmas colors to me
like one of the most important things is
that is the bubbly tech yeah chip yeah
how's that gonna happen
we'll see man we'll see what happens
during frying I think I probably has a
lot to do with the thickness of the
tortilla I know because it's where Tia
is pressed not rolled this is your
biggest challenge if they spent a
millions and millions of dollars
orchestrating this exact mix of flavors
scientists actual scientists created
this Oh get anywhere close to it being
an actual Dorito okay
I'll be super challenge accepted even
though that was basically you telling me
you have no faith in this process
Universal claim of the Test Kitchen for
Doritos not surprised so I think it's a
Delaney's point maybe it would be more
impressive if I created a homemade nacho
cheese Dorito that really did the same
things that the original not just
cerritos do logic dictates that every
Dorito is the same but that some curl
during frying and whatever do weird
shape so I just want to measure one
relatively flat triangle we're looking
at a short side of what's called six
centimeters to longer side seven and half
centimeters
this isn't isosceles triangle you guys
isosceles right two sides of equal
distance and then one then in geometry
and isosceles triangle is a triangle
that has two sides of equal length yeah
here we go it's like the picture here's
my thought if I have my tortilla in a
rectangle
I'll make the rectangle the width of the
height of one chip basically I can cut
like this to make my shapes I mean I
would actually have to cut a little bit
more generously because they're gonna
shrink but that's the basic idea I love
a little chart I think the most
important thing is that all the chips go
in being the same dimension same weight
same thickness same moisture and then
whatever happens in the fire happens
time for my favorite part reading the
ingredients here is what's in the nacho
cheese flavor corn vegetable oil
parenthesis corn canola and or sunflower
oil
maltodextrin for the season made from
corn salt cheddar cheese way monosodium
glutamate normal for mono cheese whey
protein concentrate Indian powder corn
financial and artificial flavors
dramatic at lactose spices artificial
color predeceased yellow six yellow five and
red forty acid citric acid sugar garlic
powder mo red and green bell pepper
powder high sodium i know sign eight and
disodium guanylate I would say fully
half of those are like very recognizable
things which is great the red and green
bell pepper powder very interesting we
might have to make that ourselves here
for that to me like ok immediately that
answers the question what are those red
and green specks on the chips there's a
lot of things that are adding like a
lactic tangy flavor so like buttermilk
the cheese powder
whay citric acid these are the things
that really tingle when you eat a
burrito because I know what a lot of
these things are it seems like there's a
clear path forward when it comes to the
flavor coating on that note shall we
first let's see what frito-lay has to
say they like the word bold a lot the
Rideau Doritos brand is all about
boldness
it's a bold experience and snacking and
beyond as usual that website tells you
basically nothing my god I love this
part in the costliest redesign in
frito-lay history in the nineteen ninety four company
spent fifty million dollars to redesign
Doritos and make the chips twenty percent larger
fifteen percent thinner and rounded the edges of the
chip that cost fifty million dollars fifty
million dollars to make it bigger
thinner on round Oh a Doritos not your
tortilla chips how it's made how it
works once the chips have been pressed
out they're separated from each other
and sent on to the ovens so interesting
the dough is formed into sheets and then
cut into the shape and then baked rather
than like griddle the way that a
tortilla is the baking stage is like
driving off most of the water and then
into the fryer emerging from the oven
they'll spend just one minute in a bath
of boiling oil at one hundred seventy five degrees Celsius
okay those dough sheet cut bake riot so
I'm gonna start playing around with like
tortilla dough mixtures yeah I had to
change my increment behind the camera
said it was doing weird crisscross
things I don't know what that's called
so more eh okay here's the process
there's phase one and phase two phase
one is the dough making the chips phase
two is the seasoning mix today we're
just going to focus on phase one so I'm
gonna make two batches of tortilla dough
but in one version I'm going to use
fifty-fifty cornmeal and massive arena and in
the other version one hundred percent masa harina just
to devaluate texture rollability flavor
all that it's as white masa harina
its corn known as white hominy gives it
this super super earthy flavor this is
the base for a lot of dishes like
empanadas tamales but who says their
APIs
and this is a medium grind cornmeal I
think that I want to grind it a little
bit finer so I want to try now rolling
these out but first I'm gonna let them
rest a little bit so that those corn
grains can really fully hydrate oh we
have a tortilla press oh yeah I think I
can grab this tool this one wait what
does it say no don't touch don't touch
yeah so even though Pratt put a sign on
our tortilla press it says do not touch
I'm gonna use it it is very heavy this
is the surface you put the ball of dough
down off and you line it with plastic to
make it easier to release the dough you
put the lid down you clamp it presto
change-o tortilla I want to try a first
round of bidding and frying just to kind
of see like what happens and if I'm on
the right track all right so we have
some curling edges not great well the
curled edges are partly because they
were thinner around the edges than they
were across the middle I want to just
try cutting them into some random shapes
to throw into the fryer
[Music]
visually I like what's going on with the
yellow corn a lot more we can also
switch to the yellow corn masa harina
the paler ones on my left the all masa
harina i can tell i never taste it this
is not what I'm looking for
it's very dense there wasn't a whole lot
of like sue playing and puffing
obviously very crisp but like not enough
errant airiness considering there's no
salt at all not bad like I get sort of a
pleasant masa flavor and now these
slightly darker ones are then fifty-fifty mix
with the yellow corn hmm okay so neither
version has that really bubbly light
texture so something is not quite right
I might want to try another version of
dome where I do the yellow masa harina
and maybe a quarter by weight cornmeal
because I like the look and I like the
texture variation but I think if flavor
is a bit too strong so somewhere in the
middle and I then want to try griddling
them and then find them and see what
happens there
so already a lot of bubbles forming
I don't know maybe the whole thing just
dries out way too fast when I do that
because it's so thin let's just see what
happens if I try to fry it appearance
for starter is quite good I think these
are a little bit airier but the way that
they eat that has the aspect of being
too thick because there aren't enough
little micro air bubbles in there I
think that by griddling like I'm trying
out one side too quickly or too much
same thing during baking so I want to
try a version where I just kind of like
let it hang out at a room temp on a rack
so there's air circulation on both sides
[Music]
alright so if you take a look at these
there is certainly more bubble
on the surface color is pretty close
thing is happening where I'm frying that
I'm also smelling the donuts that Chris
is frying and it's making me think that
when I eat this it tastes like donuts
but just a really sad reality it's not
true it's not brittle enough basically
so I might have to further dry them
maybe there has to be more variation in
moister between the top and bottom so
one thing I want to try is baking it in
a hot temp very very briefly on a rack
to quickly dehydrate all the exposed
surfaces and then see what happens
[Music]
so that was a ninety-second maybe should've
greased the racks well that's it at work
taking it in stride I mean not nothing
about that really worked but all these
tests all kind of turning out the same I
think more likely the issue now is about
thickness and I'm still a little bit
curious about that step in that we saw
in the video where it's baked and then
fried I'm gonna know what that's about
so let me just try in another few tests
where I just give it a lot thinner I
just see what happens so I think what I
could do is I can still use the press so
maybe build up some layers maybe with
some parchment and this is another
plastic bag at the effect of being
thicker than they are because they don't
have this area open interior that I
really am looking for so getting them
thinner all I did was make a thinner
ship with the same issues as the chips I
was already making for today there's one
final thing I kind of want to try which
is backing up to the beginning almost
and trying to bake them again and get
them rigid all the way before I put them
in the fire because that's what we saw
in the video on the conveyor belt
[Music]
whoa great timing I mean it's still kind
of the same sad the thing that I thought
would happen happened the bad news is
it's the opposite of what I won which is
they came out even flatter I'm starting
to understand why they spend fifty million
dollars on R
Tertullian yes fifty Wow that's only half
of your budget
yeah right tiny bit of leavener yeah
that's my that's my backup plan
why didn't free all I have to do that
like what are they doing there maybe
they're frying them twice you know they
were like baking them and then frying
them which I thought was weird that's a
whole get everything comes back to
dehydration I know how many of these
videos are dehydrated I think all of
that yeah I think what you have to do is
like the drying part is really just to
dry out that the outer layer is leaving
like an inner part where the moisture
and then that's where the bubbles are
forming all right what Carla said it
wouldn't be an episode of gourmet makes
it we didn't dehydrate so I have to go
grab it because I want to get our red
and green bell peppers dehydrating
overnight so I can pulverize them into a
powder trail okay so I'm just gonna cut
my peppers into like wide
I like quarter lobes and the idea is
just to dehydrate them overnight on high
they're gonna shrink a ton and I'm
pretty sure that those red and green
specks on the chips are from these
all right tomorrow's a new day so far
I'm not despairing we'll see I heard
there was a situation yes have you seen
this
[Music]
impossible lid off yeah yeah but spores
the spores I'm waiting the yoghurt why
I'm not tape it and be like hey Brad how
is your yogurt hazard tapes I already
know so I just wanna share with you some
light reading the US patent six five
seven two nine one zero b two process for
making tortilla chips with controlled
surface bubbling this was basically the
jackpot the freshly ground masa is she
did cut into snack pieces and baked for
about fifteen to thirty seconds at a
temperature of from about five hundred
and seventy five Fahrenheit to about six hundred
Fahrenheit to reduce the moisture
content from about twenty percent to
about thirty five percent okay mix those
around again couple errors here so what
I took from this and also from talking
to Carla yesterday and doing some other
research was that I'm gonna try to
really crank the fry oil I was initially
going for a lower oil temp because when
we were frying Pringles I was trying to
avoid putting color on the chip but the
problem with that reasoning was the
surgeons and potato are going to color a
lot faster than than the corn chip so
this first test I'm going to make a new
dough using one hundred percent yellow masa harina then
I'm gonna just throw it into the fryer
at a high temp maybe like three hundred seventy five and then
adjust from there
moisture so I also had some further
thoughts about the tortilla press I love
this tool it's a little bit limiting
though because you only make a circle as
big as the base I'm trying to make
something more like slab like that are
long but narrow enough to fit inside you
know the wrong part of the oh my god yes
yes we never use these this whatever you
say it's perfect fit hey Gabi's MVP
once oh my god I'm so excited I really
did not think we are gonna have
something that perfect Thank You Gabi so
it tastes like a pretty average corn
chip it's a little bit lighter as I eat
it hmmm this is better than yesterday
texture wise it's possible that I would
get something that I'm looking for if
there was just more water to begin with
in this in this version of the dough so
with the same proportions make another
dough except more water let's say twenty percent
more hydrated that sounds well I don't
know if it sounds right I'm just gonna
guess Gabi this works so well you have I
don't know with that option I don't want
people to know but I you know you know
like South American it's truly your
moment things we like why fix everything
we take remember when it fix the ice
machine the tape tape on yeah yeah yeah
all right so Ric already much much much
more bubbling happening this seems
promising okay so here's what we got
pretty good pretty light pretty Airy
there is that kind of like crispy
dissolving kind of sensation from all
those super super thin
pieces of dough of crispy dough with
arrow in between but I think that I want
to go wetter because I want so what it
seems like is more hydration more
bubbles and I want even more exaggerated
blistering I basically made palms to
play Chris but with porn you have three d
Doritos tell the engineers at frito-lay
it's like now I've overshot the mark and
they're too Airy I have one more idea
which is going back to this ninety percent of
hydration dough and it's just sort of
cheating a little bit and adding a
little bit of baking powder which is
heat activated so goes into the fryer
the presence of moisture it'll create
gas so we'll get some hope the little
air puffs
[Music]
all right point animal Don these so many
times I do need to kind of taste
original just for the texture it's kind
of hard to assess the texture
independent of the flavor but there's
five here to this okay
hmm actually like nada friends I want to
ask Chris even though he's probably they
tell me that they're like vastly
different but let me just ask him to
taste Oh Chris
like some of the resistance in here
feels like it's just like there's just
something different happening with the
Massa itself like it's hot round two
like the finer consistency here right
you feel like you're in a bad spot now
at that spot I've just done so many
small little tests and like teeny one
variable yeah and there was one like
test in the middle that was that the
most blistered air pocket II want I got
and I'm not really getting it again and
I think it has something to do with like
letting the surface dry a little bit
yeah so I had to kind of go back and
play around with that alright so I have
two very pleasing shapes and the idea
with this new trial is to start them
drying out and to see if there's sort of
an optimal level of like air trying that
helps us achieve the best texture I
didn't turn off the time isn't the right
time but three minutes five minutes ten
minutes it looks to me like the ones
that if we're drawing at ten minutes got
more bubbles on the surface
I think that's getting us to a pretty
good place for the rest of today I'd
like to kind of pivot to the flavor
coating and if I get that in a good
place
and tomorrow I kind of finished the chip
hopefully I can put them all together
well first I want to check on my
dehydrating bell peppers I hope I
haven't be going too hot for too long
all right
oh yeah you look nice and dry I'm gonna
taste a little bit oh it's so sweet
that's like an interesting consequence I
didn't think about they'll peppers are a
sweet pepper so there's a lot of natural
sugars there that should grind into a
nice powder and then I'm gonna collect
all of my seasonings and powders that I
think I might use in the seasoning mix
okay
the reason I'm sticking to the
ingredients in this case is because this
is not a flavor that is trying to mimic
another flavor that's like in the world
this is its own unique thing and the
only reference point I have for it is
Doritos I'm going to list every single
ingredient I have out here I'm gonna eat
the paper I have a quarter teaspoon
which I'm gonna count as a single like
unit and I'm gonna add them in parts and
I'm gonna keep a tally of like how many
parts buttermilk how many parts cheddar
how many parts parm how many parts
whatever this is white cheddar it's not
gonna use white cheddar actually and
then I can cunt I can like be constantly
tweaking so because we're dealing with
nacho cheese I'm gonna start with
cheddar cheese powder let's say four
parts and now parm same thing for part
buttermilk all these are guesses but
let's say two parts let's say one part
garlic powder one part money and powder
one part tomato powder a half part each
of the bell pepper powders I'm gonna do
quarter cayenne Cayenne is all heat quarter
citric acid hopefully it's not too much
and as she why should go quarter that's
because I can always add more I can't
take away really I'm gonna do quarter sugar
quarter salt what if I nailed it
what if this was like it I could totally
crack the code so be incredible
color is quite a bit more subdued than
the orange on the nacho-cheese but it
looks pretty good I like that there's
still visible flecks of green and red
smells like it Pizza basically the
problem is that like I taste all of
these things but I'm kind of
experiencing them individually I get the
citric acid and then I get some of the
high in and then the tomato and the bell
pepper and like slow weird so I'm just
gonna go in and continue to like tweak
and balanced more parm or cheddar more
buttermilk or bell pepper of both colors
and I'm gonna add more salt more msg of
half of onion to this is where I need
Chris super taster Morocco to help me
the aftertaste the finish feels like
pretty Doritos Eve it's the initial
flavor of salt that is going to like a
strange nacho cheese place but not nacho
cheese Doritos like a nachos nachos
[Music]
more salt again
God what is it what is it the Dorito I
don't want to keep eating tiny chip
fragments oh thank god Chris I know tell
me about it
I need your palette all you can tell you
is that I can no longer taste huh oh
it's it the smell first Wow
that in a bad way first one in defense I
know usually I just eat it though that's
the difference between us one of them
look the textures that's not my chip
first we're open restaurant file
tortilla the Tang is like very assertive
I feel like I'm not quite getting into
like so I just cheddar the right play
it's like the fourth ingredient Wow they
list cheddar and Romano we have cheddar
and Romano arm yeah excuse ya me right
there on the label Wow
so this is now with more of both
cheese's more salt more msg that's it if
I got no closer than this I would be
okay the second half it's pretty Dorito
like yeah a little bit of sugar in there
too I do still feel like maybe you could
go up like a little bit more just it's
not for nothing else for like
concentration on that I don't think
you're gonna go with it I hear ya you
know yeah all right I agree let's go
with two more it's getting really good
it's getting good everybody needs to
know it's like it's actually like
I guess you had a little shaker at that
like yeah just splits the new everything
spice Dorito blend Doritos nice would we
get sued probably all right let's try
one more round Wow
something that really helped it's really
good I brought like the sharpness and
that brought the cheese like right
forward yeah and the seasoning I feel
like is like pretty much in long snap oh
my are we gonna call this does is when
the time charge yeah I took a break yeah
so this mix as far as I can tell today
is as good as it's gonna be
I totally regained my sense of taste
back I'm not going to tweak it any
further for now what I will do is I
tallied up all of the relative parts for
all of the ingredients that I added and
now I'm gonna go in to make a larger
quantity
[Music]
again ever I think I kind of did all I
can do today and it's worth it to finish
for now come back tomorrow and hopefully
kind of get just do final tweaks to the
chip and to the powder seasoning Chris
not a good time I'm pretty confident
I'll finish tomorrow if only because
I've tried so many times I'm more
willing to say that I'm done without
having achieved everything I set out to
do that make sense my standards have
been lowered as I'm saying yeah what a
thing is I'll give up tomorrow at the
end of the day no matter whether I did
it or not and I'll just be like I did it
right and then elbow to the ribs
[Music]
just not to cheese no Emil do we wear
this it smells that's for sure which
good - be real with you yes it tastes
like a hippy Dorito what I think is
happening there is like this has like
reveals itself in like layers of flavors
it's like first you get the cheese and
the bell pepper and then you get to this
and then you get the citric acid and
it's like that is just like all at once
I know my god yeah yeah what is it what
is what does it need this is yeah
there's a lot of msg I think that
there's something about the fact that
these are probably dressed when they're
hot that's really interesting it comes
out it's hot miss anything with french
fries like right you guys I'm right
alive so it's like really acclaims
well I'm really glad you stopped by that
was very helpful anything I can do
oh yeah have you ever had the Taco Bell
burritos tacos I don't know oh okay well
we might have some later if you want to
come maybe I want to work now on before
I go any further assistant for cutting
the chips into the shape that I want
[Music]
I need Brad maybe I just make a stencil
[Music]
it's close I think I'll make the
template a little bit bigger so I'm
gonna do half recipes again of all the
dough I kind of want to try adding some
of the seasoning mix just to see what
that's like
with adding this mixture it's gonna
throw off the hydration but also I don't
know how some of these powders behave
once they hydrate and if they get kind
of weird and maybe it's gonna make the
dough harder to work so I don't know see
I like the color look how orange it is
yeah increase it by a half centimeter in
all directions okay
[Music]
color is darkening quite a bit because I
now have sugar s in there whew that was
something I did not think about darn I
really like that idea but it did not
work not only do I add actual sugar but
there's ingredients like tomato powder
bell pepper powder all of those have
natural sugars in them and sugar once
the brown kind of sad so now I want to
try another batch of dough with just so
you definitely more baking powder than I
was putting in yesterday I'm gonna
triple it and go six grams baking powder
two hundred grams that's masa harina
they are pretty light even where there
aren't big noticeable bubbles and
blisters I want to try some of the
seasoning on the homemade chip it's
pretty good pretty happy with the
texture and the flavor it would be great
for visuals if the chips looked really
similar and I had that even coverage of
blisters that were all kind of the same
size but having at least eaten that chip
the effect is kind of the same maybe
I'll try to get like six cut out and
then get a timer on them and just start
doing some final test chips
so these are still a little bit warm
right out of the fryer I want to try
tossing them in some of the powder not a
bad coating it's stuck pretty well shape
is great nice little curl around the
edges the flavor is really good although
it softened it's doesn't have that super
crisp texture so I have to find a little
longer but it's really Doritos e crisps
I just need them box here's what's
letting it out it's not crisp announcer
yeah yeah yeah it's nice and like opened
up in there uh-huh
you're not getting those like distinct
pockets of like crisp yes chewy
harder yeah I've been file augur but the
flavor oh yeah
seasoning perfect cheesiness perfect it
just feels open uh-huh it's pretty good
it's like seventy five miles an hour like zoom
okay I'm getting some variation in the
chip shape and texture Chris I agree
with him it's not quite crispy enough I
have to fry a longer but overall this is
definitely the lightest version I've
made so I'm gonna keep going and just
start pressing and cutting the chips as
quickly as I can a meal what are you
eating
yes this right here look at how orange
it is it's very orange this is the
flamin hot you know that's cool ranch so
here we have Doritos Locos Tacos
in so the hard shell taco the shell
itself is Doritos what do you use it to
reduce flavored or is it just Doritos
it's not I think as intense as a regular
burrito I agree I can't taste it and not
taste all the other stuff in the taco
that like cuz it's steamed in it I can't
tell if the flavor of the taco itself is
lost
in the Dorito I know to reach or if the
reverse is the case this makes me more
confident in my Doritos because like
that doesn't really taste like Doritos
and none of them really do it's like
somehow by adding one thing yeah I get
it this would taste great like hot off
the drive-through window aha I would
finish it as someone managed to I would
finish a third Chrissie are you
interested ok so here's this dough so
I'm gonna ask Rhoda to come help me with
just another set of hands to portion
press cut and get all the chips ready to
fry
this patch looks really good lots of
little bubbles this guy I really love
like the little folded over edge that's
really nice and it's also nice to be
able to get these going three at a time
I like the color because the color has
sort of an orangish yellowish tone and I
think that it's going to look good with
the powder on top I think that the
undertone will like enhance the orange
color and now just to really make sure
that these are fully fully crisp I'm
going to put them back in the oven to
just dry for a little bit
let's see they're pretty low well they
got a little dark
they get too dark to think I checked on
them one minute ago and they were fine
oh no is this too dark do you think I'm
not remaking them something so well
something had to happen shit beautiful
they taste a little bit overdone they're
so toasted tasting now that like that
takes over and you don't really taste
much of them seasoning mix tell Rocco
not to come down I don't want him to
taste these it looks so bubbly and good
[Music]
that's not how it works I know but
that's what I all I've been doing for
three days we can do it together Claire
I hope I ever want to do this anymore we
try it it's like the coating is too
thick you're pretty good
[Music]
overall the flavor is nice it feels like
it's like trending like looking a touch
like dark yeah I will only went too far
yeah just show toasty that it like gets
in the way of all the other things that
are happening in the powder if it needs
to be more neutral Chrissa plan let me
go for a walk I'm gonna get some sleep
tonight come in tomorrow I'm just gonna
help me she should be my emotional
support and then really good at dialed
in hopefully kind of like one one and
done yes I've been through this what is
the seven stages of grief or something
I've been through that and I'm I've
moved on to acceptance so I just needed
a minute it's the it's the it's the
moments you want to capture the most
when I most do not want the camera so if
that doesn't work out very well for me
thank God it's spring in New York I
gotta get out of here
I had nothing in my tank so I was
running on fumes Harrison's about like
four pm and then when things didn't go
wrong I really didn't have any kind of
reserve I did went to the gym after I
walked into the locker room and walked
out of went home so you're not doing
this I think this is a good opportunity
to go through the whole process and have
it be really seamless and feel really
good about it from start to finish
rather than trying to like cut any
corners the main difference today is I'm
gonna put them in the oven but I'm
putting them in at two hundred where they're
much less likely to take on too much
color too quickly
Game of Thrones character when most
related to its heart
there's also first of all there's one
million of them I like all the stark
girls all the stark ladies
I like John snow but he's just like so
John snow all the time you know I think
I do relate most to Samwell Tarly that
doesn't my favorite character but like
he just likes to like read books maybe
the best warrior at all let's put a
little up and down but we're right at
three hundred ninety which is ideal I have all my cutouts
ready to go let's just start adding
again three at a time if I did yesterday
[Music]
the last chips just came out of the
fryer and I'm gonna put them into the
oven and I think I'm gonna use a
different take me for to take the
seasoning on I want to check I don't
have to let these go forever just until
they seem really nice and crisp this one
has a tiny bit of Bend in the center so
I'm gonna do another five and hopefully
that does the trick three two one
I think they look really good they feel
crispy dry not not too oily I'm just
stabbing each one with some paper towels
to absorb any surface fat and then I'm
gonna dust them with a Dorito mix this
is identical in size I think it's easy
to like pick apart the aspects that are
different like it's not quite as firm of
a crunch as the original it doesn't
exactly have that smack you in the face
real like front of the palate kind of
responds but in the grand scheme of
things I think it's delicious there is
no artificial off taste at all which I
do think after eating like your fifth
Dorito maybe you start to experience a
little bit of that and like a lot of
those artificial preservatives Lavers to
me there are expresses like a bitterness
sort of in like the very back your mouth
and I don't get that here the flavors
are a bit more clean thank you it's
spring even though it's forty degrees
outside just try this just try this yeah
hey we're trying to shoot a video Molly
I like the flavor a lot
uh-huh you have that sort of mix of
sweet and salty sugar salt sugar salt or
thing uh-huh get a little bit of heat
Tiny Toons yeah yeah a little bit of
white mm-hmm I've got a smidge less
because it has kind of a how-to
retexture to it okay no wears a dress it
feels a little bit more baked in take
stead of powdered on top uh-huh
it's like a powdered doughnut version of
Teredo right what choices but did I do
better than you thought I was gonna do
yes buy a lot right I had no faith I'm
saying no Fame but I was skeptical this
is your biggest challenge yet yo yeah
yeah it's a pretty good chip I'd really
enjoy Adam approved ye of little faith
I would never find forty three dollars my pocket because
I would never lose forty three dollars because I'd be
like where'd my forty dollars go cabbie Wilma Tito
so do i do Rio's on my teeth no no
you're good I'm gonna have a few of
these with a call beard yeah yeah have a
little heat yeah a little heat look Time
Attack I am getting it uh yeah yeah also
and we've got in them Doritos yes I love
it Chris not not that you're not busy I
think so making Dona
always with the smell right
the texture it's finally there mm-hmm
where you get that shatter wants to
dissolve awesome bits like hold on
uh-huh this has like an actual
brightness like an over brightness but
the Dorito doesn't really have all right
well I feel really good about it all
right well we're here to test taste test
if you need no problem I'm actually
quite proud of this one because it's not
like an almond joy where it's sort of
like oh that's an almond and there's
coconut and chocolate and like I
understand those components it was kind
of gratifying and cool to like feel like
I did a decent job recreating something
that I thought could only be produced in
like a laboratory of having mimicked it
so closely with the homemade version I
mean like even more proud than usual all
right here at play you make gourmet
Doritos dee rib in DC one red and one green
bell pepper cut it to eighths and
dehydrate then pulverized into a powder
set aside combined four teaspoons
buttermilk powder ten teaspoons orange
cheddar powder four teaspoons sharp white
cheddar powder eight teaspoons parmesan
powder one TSP tomato powder three teaspoons
garlic powder four teaspoons onion powder
six teaspoons msg eight teaspoons kosher salt
half a teaspoon sugar quarter teaspoon
cayenne pepper quarter teaspoon citric
acid quarter teaspoon distilled white
vinegar powder and one teaspoon each red
and green bell pepper powders shake
seasoning mix to blend and set aside
combine one hundred grams white masa harina sixty
grams water five grams vegetable oil two
grams salt and two grams baking powder and
mix to form a dough knead until smooth
then cover and let rest rest portions of
dough in a tortilla press between
plastic then cut into triangles or
rounded corners fry in three hundred seventy five degree
vegetable oil until completely crisp and
just starting to turn golden brown drain
chips on a cooling rack and dust
generously on both sides with seasoning
mix and those possibilities for this
Dorito powder right I think maybe
it's our million-dollar idea I think
frito-lay is gonna send us a cease and
desist no L want to get on board it's
like they had to spend fifty million bucks
to get that yeah we're offering them
like ground floor for twenty five million

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Almond Joys | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
there's nineteen grams of added sugars in one hundred forty five
gram packet that's thirty eight percent of your
daily value I think the reason we keep
getting sick is because sixty percent of my diet
is white sugar between the cake shoot
and recipe testing and this nonsense hi
everyone I'm Claire we are in the BA's
kitchen today and I am making gourmet
almond joy almond joy were one of my
favorite candies that you've got
trick-or-treating although I also liked
mounds but I love the combination of
nuts coconut and chocolate I'm kind of
excited excited for this one I know just
from the start because isn't even here I
don't need him for this because I
already know I'm gonna temper some
chocolate tempered chocolate it's
chocolate that is heated cooled and then
heated again to specific temperatures so
that the chocolate has a firm
snap I mean I've done it several times I
feel more comfortable with that process
I mean I can't really split them without
one of them kind of breaking I can't do
it anymore
I quit in my mind it's like toast some
almonds temper some chocolate makes sort
of like a macaroon type filling and like
sim that hard
who makes almond joy Peter Paul I have
never owned a Hershey's company if you
look at that interior of that almond
it's definitely toasted which is very
important the problem is with the
Hershey chocolate and the coconut it's
so so sweet now you know I don't taste a
lot of the almond flavor I could
definitely see a fancy chocolate filled
with like an an almond coconut filling
so I think it actually can very easily
be elevated to something on that level
mostly just by dialing down the
sweetness improving the quality of the
ingredients and trying to I think get
like better coconut flavor out of the
filling there's nothing that I'm
anticipating at this point like being
particularly onerous or difficult
there's the bar the fun size and then
mini it's about six centimeters long two
and a half centimeters wide and not
including the almond a centimeter and a
quarter thick for the purpose of
comparison maybe it's best to go with
the regular size Oh interesting
so the almond appears to be covered in
chocolate before it's placed on top of
the coconut there's like a little ring
the layer of chocolate around the
filling itself is very very thin the
filling itself is firm but malleable it
does leave sort of a sticky feeling from
the sugar corn syrup or whatever it is
I'm mostly just like how chewy tis from
the coconut I mean it's sort of macaroon
like it's just like a thing I know how
to make and they're pretty easy hey Brad
you're doing are you gonna pull a weapon
out of that box again can you tell me
do you like coconut can I love um enjoys
all right here have one I don't know I
never liked how wet the coconut was oh
really this is a saturated and simple
syrup I think more likely it's corn
syrup
I was basically thinking I was gonna
make make macaroons there's no similar I
know right are you here later all day do
you want to do are you busy of course
but like not too busy to temper some
chocolates no I have no idea doing that
I think we should do a side by side we
no no we don't make anything there
you've made that very clear
a lot of people are sending me messages
about Suvi tempering ov five works great
maybe you can just help me set up the
bats wait where you have to go over
there fine I got a little thing you got
a little bit of garlic in your ear I
have something going on exactly
no I would give you advice but I have no
advice because I get sick all the time I
love this candy it's I love it too I
like that it's a toasted almond it's a
really properly like good crunch but I
just think you can't you can't taste it
because there's yeah mmm which is a very
requested for me makes subject the
coconut is more toasty in a Samoa
because it's baked I think that could be
room for a little bit of toasted coconut
maybe just toasting a portion and mixing
it in that could be fun that was the
scariest candy as a kid like look at it
I think someone's trying to hide like a
medicine in there so that feels like are
you gonna go darker on the chocolate
yeah for sure there's something that
coconut and dark chocolate that works
very well I want to know if I can use
here a little oh yeah coconut crank
what's it called the rotary a coconut
something with rotary in it something
drank something thing it's greats
coconut is what it is and it does a
great job especially terrible pun fine
grab my favorite part reading the
ingredients corn syrup milk chocolate
rocket sugar apple butter black Joe well
fat that CCGT I reckon coconut sugar
almonds contains two percent or less of vegetable
oil palm kernel oil palm oil flour oil
cocoa away parentheses melt hydrolyzed
milk produce a tendency soy sodium
metabisulfite
to maintain freshness corn syrup as the
first ingredient is not a surprise
I'm sure it's present in the filling and
the chocolate so there's like a lot of
stuff in it but ultimately it's the main
components are coconut chocolate almonds
sugar sweetener of some kinds I'm still
confused about Peter Paul and why that's
a little tiny label on all of the boxes
and bars that's why we have the internet
to find out oh wait Peter Paul candy
manufacturing company it's a candy
making division within the Hershey
Company oh it was founded in New Haven
Connecticut in nineteen nineteen by six Armenian
immigrants led by Peter Paul hallo Gian
okay well that solves that mystery this
is the almond joy bar was introduced in
nineteen forty eight using milk chocolates and a dark
chocolate and adding a double toasted
double toasted almond on top I've never
really heard of anything referred to as
double toasted I don't know why you
would need to double toast it one toast
as long as it's thorough should be
enough to make any sense there are a lot
of videos and recipes online for
homemade almond joy oh Epicurious has a
recipe so this has sweetened condensed
milk so it is sort of a spin on
macaroons let's see what Ina Garten this
coconut macaroon recipe looks like can't
go wrong
sweet and shredded coconut sweet
condensed milk
you know extract egg whites salt okay
that's all I need to know the almond joy
has three basic components the chocolate
the almond and the filling the only one
of them that requires any I think real
like development and testing is the
filling so that's where I'm going to
start and my plan step one is crack some
coconuts and start shaving
alright time to crack some coconuts ow
pinched my finger I'm fine
it smells okay this is a bad one I can
already tell this one's moldy I toss it
I'm glad the water didn't break apart so
then it doesn't contaminate this very
tough nut to crack all right this one
looks really good but I might be going
to Hawaii but I mean we can't have a
little taste of the tropics right here
mmm delish
so here's Chris's rotary grinder
whatever we call this thing okay right
so you see the bottom how it creates a
suction so that's how I anchor it to the
counter all right that's actually pretty
firmly in place
[Music]
[Laughter]
oh all right here's my coconut it's
pretty wet I do think that I want to try
to dry this out of it I'm gonna spread
it onto two baking sheets and put it in
a pretty low oven
I don't want it fully dried to the point
where like it won't stick together and
there's no moisture left and I kind of
lose some of that chewy texture I think
I like the idea of adding some
proportion of toasted coconut this is
finely shredded unsweetened coconut I'm
using this because in order for the
coconut to toast it has to basically
completely dry anyway so there's no
point in using the fresh stuff it'll be
a different color but I think it will
blend better because it's so fine okay
and then check both first the toasted
because that can easily burn oh oh yeah
nice even toast
so you can see there's some moisture
left if I press it together it compacts
I'm glad I didn't take it any further
because I think it would be unpleasantly
dry I'm gonna get this into a bowl put
that into a bowl get my scale out and
start mixing I'm gonna gather some of my
other ingredients that I'm thinking
about using coconut butter organic
coconut cream sweet condensed milk I'm
gonna basically take small amounts of
the coconut and do a bunch of different
tests it needs a little dry I'm having
second thoughts about the toasted
coconut I want to try version without it
way too much vanilla extract I think
it's good I do wish still that it had
more to add more coconut flavor it's
coconutty yeah I just think it's easier
to dry
idiot slow dry I might try adding pulsed
you know like the big sweetened flakes
of coconut the shreds sure like they're
so chewy I actually love that stuff I do
too because I just think that these
pieces are too fine right and because it
eats a little dry I'm gonna try to
rehydrate the fresh coconut that I
dehydrated right with coconut milk right
just see what happens
I'm inventing this process as we speak
so I don't think I'm doing anything
wrong as Fred says this is a test
kitchen this is I think reading better
less dry like there's still a fluffiness
to it but it also has more weight
overall I need to introduce more
different textures into the filling so
we're gonna get our hands in some sweet
and shredded coconut for tomorrow pick
this back up using all the same
ingredients and in the meantime just to
get ahead for tomorrow I'll toast some
almonds very very well toasted and then
they'll be ready to go it's not even six
o'clock and everyone piece down so but
I'm not on their timeline I think
tomorrow will be I'll get most of it if
not all the work done so I don't you
call that optimism or like delusion so
today we have that sweet and shredded
coconut that I'm gonna use to try to get
that same really cute texture I kind of
love this stuff I remember eating it as
a kid like out of the bag because my mom
had it for baking or something hopefully
today will be about getting the filling
right and then pretty much assembly in a
mood to grab the scale the bowls and
spoons and just kind of start mixing
going to have to throw this coconut in a
food processor because the flakes are
pretty large but I do want to leave them
larger than the fresh coconut from
yesterday that we ground so ten grams of
each
[Music]
hmm Karla mud tasting something the only
thing it doesn't have is that like shiny
squishy stingy tech mmm you know what I
mean yeah it's more solid and I feel
like what is going on in here but I
think under a little yeah I have more
fresh coconut should I use the fresh
coconut and and like grind it into
bigger pieces and add that I want to
basically create thin shreds first I
have to separate the flesh from the hard
outer shell this is having some
difficulty I mean I could try rather
than trying to break up the meat break
up the shell around the meat oh I think
I didn't give up it did its job the
problem with the rotary grinder or
whatever it's called is too small
especially once I dried it a bit fair
enough yeah this guy yeah actually
that's a pretty good job you know that's
what I'm gonna try and then I'm going to
he got one all right
oh man here I'm gonna hold the mallet
them how it'll work there is a three
pound engineer's hammer in there but I
have to grab somebody out all right no
worries
this'll work I really wish I could do
this for the first time not on camera
cuz I don't know what's gonna happen
everything's fine
nothing's happening Chris hi yeah
Oh see you're doing it in a much better
way all right well you're doing a great
job yes that's good that's good you got
it started thank you
it made me not look like a total idiot
[Music]
okay that worked all the coconut meat is
separated and I'm gonna start peeling
I'll rinse it at the end and then I'll
grade it I already have dried coconut so
I want to leave this pretty much as it
is once I sort of figure out my mold
apparatus I can move straight into the
filling and I think it's gonna be very
close to what I already did just small
tweaks and then I'll just move into
forming my thought is form the filling
into like long bars cut lengths and then
use the rounded edge of some cutter to
create the curve from other side are you
really sure you're busy no doctor can
see yes will you help me yeah to make a
mold mold I'd a bit
oh I get it I think I didn't I didn't
get it but that was funny I see you got
a nice pair of snips there I'm trying to
remove the inner the inner part of the
moon circle yeah we force it yeah that's
where you come in I know I'm chilling I
don't know what I think is gonna fly off
and hit me in the face but yeah yay
thank you I'm just gonna match the curve
yeah and we'll see ten knockers Union
but what good knockers what is a tin
knocker like the like hdhd I don't ever
spell you know that guys that do a duct
work ten Dockers I'm not familiar the
ten knockers you mean they don't can you
set up the water baths for the tempering
the chocolate
oh I don't let me see if they have two
of the CDs okay I would love your help
with that now I'm gonna make the filling
mixture I'm gonna do one part
yesterday's coconut
one part today's coconut in two parts I
[Music]
think it looks really really good
mmm Chris I'm gonna give it a quick
sorry when it's not true sweet good
right oh it's so good not too sweet no
no toast I'm gonna pull some out and add
a little toasted just to have an option
Chris said it was good which means I
feel pretty golden Chris is never wrong
I do want to try maybe I take some
toasted coconut oh we're gonna do the
toasted and the play in side by side Oh
Brad okay one where's Rota we're trying
to temper chocolate using sous-vide and
the reason it works well theoretically
is because very constant temperatures no
problem but that's having some technical
issues it says you're paired no good
what's happening a lot enough yeah yeah
that's gonna make a profile and all that
all right so that's preheating what Fred
the the light changed color I think it's
working
it's pulsing I listen I'm very familiar
with these units I might have joined
this one wow wow it was working for a
while but then it started posting today
I took the three good ones to use and I
think I left this one here keep the
other poles classic oh my god so we
don't have any other three big machine
immersion circulator we did this the
old-fashioned way so you're saying God
is your dama I was really hoping I could
just have you do the whole part a lot of
things happening this kitchen right now
grills on fire bread is stinging up the
whole kitchen with sauerkraut anyway
Road is on the case of the broken
immersion circulator we might be able to
get our hands on another one today but
regardless I have to form the filling so
I'm going to work on that and I have my
toasted filling and my untoasted filling
[Music]
[Laughter]
hold on fortunately the filling is
holding its shape pretty well so I don't
think I totally ruined it everything's
fine I'm going to use an almond to
create little depressions so that when I
cover them in chocolate and place them
on the filling they have a little area
to rest okay so I'm going to cover these
and set aside and repeat the same thing
with our filling that has a toasted
coconut in it the good thing about this
taking a very long time is that Rhoda
already came back with a new sous-vide
machine so here it is so here's what I
think I'm gonna do I need to temper
chocolate in two batches want to coat
the almonds and then I need a second
batch that I'll use for enrobing we're
just looking for a vacuum sealer you
don't know where it is Gabby Fred hide
stuff vacuum sealer
wait if that's connecting Brad do you
know where the vacuum sealer is no it
says poor connection are you with a
ferry we're here where where Oh
seriously where are you
sounds like you're in nature okay thanks
Brad I believe that for a second it's
really okay i'm tempering chocolate
sous-vide i'm gonna cut this to make a
bag melt the chocolate at one hundred fifteen fahrenheit
a detaining agitating bringing it down
to about eighty one fahrenheit and then raising
the temperature back to around ninety
fahrenheit moving on to coating the
almonds my plan is to off the bag put
the chocolate in here add the almonds
and then fish them out one by one with
the fork and place them on top of the
little fillings
yeah I guess I should test check the
temper so for the test strip I just kind
of make a stripe of chocolate on a piece
of parchment the idea is that it dries
in like less than thirty seconds and that it
gets that a shiny finish it doesn't
really seem to be drying I'm just gonna
keep going just because it's getting
late never wants to go home the test
strip did not set so I don't think it's
tempered so you can see it's not
hardened at all
I don't want to talk about it I don't
think we should talk about what do you
want to talk about Dan I have no idea
what went wrong I did everything it said
that's not tempered because it's still
liquid duh maybe it's true think of a
tester if I don't know I think I've been
keeping okay there's an important update
the test strip is still not set but
these early almonds that I placed look
like they have set which is a good sign
so I still have hope that the chocolate
is tempered and that my test strip was
just too thick yeah I can do I can do
Kenji's test we're gonna put this knife
in the fridge and test it in three
minutes and see if it comes out snappy
and firm it's yeah it's time it's
definitely tempered I wish I already
knew because these sets so fast yeah so
alright I think it worked too well now I
can't place the remaining almonds on top
here because this is what happened so
I'm going to try to just very gently
rewarm enough to place those final
almonds yeah well these look terrible
for the next stage of enrobing I'm going
to transfer these to the rack at an
angle so that I can basically just pipe
straight from the bag to cover in
chocolate give it a tap and let the
excess fall down below we're gonna wrap
this up so overall I think they look
really good they look beautiful and very
uniform which is nice these aren't quite
finished I have to add the chocolate on
the bottom so I'm gonna let these set
and wrap up the other ones that I
haven't yet covered but now we have
these good references when we come in
tomorrow morning and we're gonna repeat
this process hopefully it'll be a lot
more seamless and then we'll be done
all right it's day three last night I
think we ended in a good place I am very
curious to see what has become of the
ones we cover yesterday Oh No
Rhoda you didn't do anything I it was me
look at them they look terribly the
chocolate bloom so streaky why something
bad happened to the chocolate I think
it's because I covered them these look
so good
those are the original you should just
read him for chocolate and do another
cast I all I did was before they said
fully I just did that and then put a
little plastic over it you should do
research yeah I knew this is gonna
happen so bloom is this kind of chalky
looking coating on top of the chocolate
sugar bloom feels dry and does not melt
to the touch well fat gloom feels slick
and melts let's see I think that we have
both I might change the method where
just dab chocolate in the wells and
place a fresh almond on top rather than
coating the whole almond and then cover
the whole thing my plan today was to
come in slap some chocolate on the
bottoms finish and robing scrap that
plan the plan is basically start over
alright so will you do the filling I'm
gonna do just some research and then I'm
gonna start forming lipids that are
responsible for fabula moves through
pores and cracks in the chocolate what's
happening is the facts in the filling
are migrating like chocolate is porous
so it's Mike it's being pulled and
migrating to the surface chocolate is
very sensitive to fluctuations in
temperature so I think maybe was just
too hot in here let's hope some faculty
might be inevitable but we can prevent
it from happening or decrease the
chances of it happening by storing it
cool at a cool temperature and making
sure it's well tempered I have some
sense of what we're dealing with now
when we try again I feel more confident
[Music]
[Music]
I have my second bag of chocolate that's
just been holding it temper hopefully
and it's time to coat the bottoms just
gonna retrieve the tray
they are pretty streaky it looks like a
marbling effect so there's two different
surface textures so I don't they're not
ruined I'm not I'm not gonna review them
time time anyway and we're wrapping this
up so I would say it's acceptable it's
not something is happening
with the chocolate temper or it's fat
migrating from the coconut it could be
any number of those things and or
combination I don't know what so anyway
just move this along I'm I'm certainly
not gonna say anything Chris is gonna
notice Chris not a good time seriously
[Music]
I don't think the streakiness has gotten
worse that's good they look good
especially if you sort of quickly
because they get over them with your
eyes and cross them a little bit just
don't look too close
overall considering like uniformity
regularity of shape overall dimensions I
think they look great at the point I
wasn't even competing with almond joyous
compete with myself so I mean that's
what I'm that's what I'm up against it's
not that hard
alright pretty decent snap I think the
balance of flavors and of like the
amount of ingredients is pretty perfect
I mean this is ramiz ideal I was able to
achieve a thin layer of chocolate
between the almond and the coconut I
love the way they taste like I want to
keep eating it it's really good I do
think that chocolate is tempered I just
want to know what I'm seeing am i right
that I'm seeing some striations in the
aerobic yes okay you are it's not an
optical illusion it could be that the
chocolate didn't temper properly which
is just like kill me now it could have
been on purpose this could be a disco
bound yeah there you go right you know
what I like that there's chocolate
surround under the almond yep I actually
made depressions in the filling and then
dab put a dab of chocolate in it and
just put the almond I toss the
depressions it's delicious it's a good
candy oh it's great mmm admire it the
profiles Wow this is homemade this is
theirs Oh yours looks much cleaner Oh
add more coconut flavor mm-hmm I'll
indeed very I'll indeed more almond
flavor Emily that yeah maybe just a
higher quality almond I think it's like
a fresher almond that we roasted
yesterday there's no getting that nice
like chewy coconut yeah yeah well done
thank you I've been saving this half for
you
my coconut flavor it feels real yeah at
this point this last three days have not
even like it's topping about almond joy
and it started being about chocolate
tempering the mystery remains I'm
excited to temper chocolate again
because now I kind of a mad at it and
like the anger is motivating me aside
from that issue I actually had a lot of
fun doing this I think it was very
successful in a lot of ways truly
something that I enjoy eating and like
eating and think it's delicious and I'm
excited for the next one which is gonna
be a savory here's how you make gourmet
almond joy gourmet slug Geor ma Y toasts
raw almonds in a three hundred fifty degree oven until
they smell deeply roasted twelve to sixteen
minutes set aside to cool in a food
processor whole sweetened shredded
coconut into fine pieces open a fresh
coconut and finally grind the flesh
using a hand cranked rotary grinder do
you hydrate coconut in a low oven then
moisten slightly with unsweetened
coconut milk take the second half of the
coconut and pry the meat away from the
top shelf shred the fresh coconut in a
food processor using the smaller grating
disk then pulse to break up to the size
of the shredded sweetened coconut dry
lightly in a low oven combined one hundred grams
sweetened shredded coconut twenty five grams
finely shredded dehydrated rehydrated
coconut twenty five grams freshly grated coconut
eighty grams sweetened condensed milk thirty
grams unsweetened coconut cream fifty grams
warm coconut butter half teaspoon vanilla
paste and a pinch of salt mix well to
combine then way out into twelve gram
portions form each portion into a
compact rounded rectangle about five and
three-quarter centimeters long use an
almond to make small depressions on each
coconut patty to temper chocolate seal
ten ounces of dark chocolate into each
of two vacuum sealed bags and they'll
completely in a one hundred fourteen degrees Fahrenheit
water bath heated with an immersion
circulator add ice to water bath to drop
the temperature and set an immersion
circulator to eighty one Fahrenheit agitate bags
of chocolate as they cool then raise the
temperature to ninety degrees Fahrenheit
agitating constantly dry off one bag and
snip a small opening pipes a small dab
of chocolate in each depression on the
coconut patties and press a toasted
almond on top of each
jab generously piped chocolate over each
almond joy tat baking sheet on the
counter to settle and force off excess
chocolate transfer almond joy to a
parchment lined baking sheet chill until
chocolate is set spread a thin layer of
chocolate across the bottoms of each
Alma joy and placed back on parchment
chilling again until set I have a good
dentist I really liked my dentist I need
a new dentist I know see his partner
because my dad does actually like got
into a bad accident
oh no I Bernie man a tremendous guy ah
great office no Blake like it's like
bright and airy oh wow
Dennis took mr prettyman that's
probably hang out with it yeah really

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Peeps | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
I know Chris I know every like
Dumbledore needs their fold you know if
it weren't for you I take every shortcut
in the book here's another problem
everyone chris is the solution everyone
I'm Claire we were in the beef agent and
today we are making gourmet beeps my one
and only thought about peeps is that
they're my mom's absolute favorite candy
which I know I said that that was that
preserves was her favorite but I really
think it's he's the only person I know
in the entire world who loves he's like
weird like marshmallow blobs the
original is chick shape chick shaped
it's a weird thing to say
so it's original like an Easter thing
they're little chicks but I know they
make all different shapes and colors
alright I I'm a little bit congested so
I have very little sense of taste right
now that's not I think it matters
probably better I'm better off I can't
taste anything but I can like feel my
teeth tingling from the sugar there's a
lot of different flavors in addition to
different shapes and colors root beer
float right I get nothing
peeps delights coconut
let's kick ass at all this is pink
there's a fruit punch party cake I'm not
gonna even try blue raspberry they
alternate eight same to me and I think
that the flavoring is just in the sugar
on the outside we usually take the
classic route so we're just going to go
for the original peeps in the chick
shape which is not flavored so they come
out of the sleeve all stuck together but
you can see that in between there's
white marshmallows so I think that
they're all piped in a row touching and
then coated in the sugar so they can
really cut pull apart you know I do sort
of like an accordion thing they do have
like a very pleasing pillowy texture
I'll say that they're supposed to look
like little chicks the only thing that's
chick like is the beak right here too
little tiny dots made of god-knows-what
it's obviously a sugar coating it
strikes me as a very very fine sugar
finer than your standard granulated
sugar if the color is perfectly uniform
that I think is actually going to be a
little bit challenging like it's an
every tiny to come cranny there's no
white on the outside at all there are
pipes starting here and then it's all
one motion the last motion is the little
flick to make the beak wait Chris do I
come on over and try it's so sweet
and there's nothing happening yeah so
it's weird to me that they haven't
cooked like vanilla or like anything
that could just be an obvious like oh
this is a food you probably want to eat
it right maybe it's like freeze-dried
fruit the kind of situation that's the
oh yeah a good thing that like makes me
nervous as like the non piping expert
that it's always extended it's never
touching and like perfect point okay I
hope you like it oh my god
I I wish they tasted more Leslie if you
just food processed granulated sugar it
does it make sanding sugar yes I think
that I have to I think I feel like this
is finer yeah it standard granulate it's
a public blip it looks like that fine to
get me just super fine yeah there'll be
fun with some like citrus flavors yeah
could dehydrate some stuff you some free
straight fruit come back at the end of
the day might have some actual
marshmallow you phone people on okay
this is regular do you want to take a
packet up to your desk no but I think
that if you are someone that likes peeps
it's like you know that they're gross
and you don't anyway anyway I don't want
to thank Jamie right now I've been
putting it off long enough time for the
best part reading the ingredients sugar
corn syrup gelatin contains less than
half a percent of the following ingredients
potassium sorbate
and preservative natural flavors yellow
number five blue number one carnauba wax
that's it so there's three primary
ingredients sugar corn syrup gelatin
it's what we thought all along no
difference in flavor between the colors
at all I think we have a lot of freedom
to like play around and and innovate
there's two primary ways that make the
marshmallow one is the peeps way which
is corn syrup based or there is the
traditional way which is using an egg
white obviously I'm going to go the
traditional route you get better flavor
overall so I want to do more research
about the marshmallow which is a plant a
mellow that grows in a marsh it's like a
it's an often looking tease yeah look
it's a perennial species indigenous to
Europe Western Asia and North Africa a
confection made from the root see the
root of the marshmallow since ancient
Egyptian times evolved in today's at
marshmallow treat we're going to use the
marshmallow root extract flavor them you
like the marshmallow player whoa
marshmallow is a plan yeah
yeah exactly Oh mellow that grows in the
marsh right let's do some youtubing
within moments of being patched they're
coated with sugar when they're deposited
they're already covered in sugar they're
piped on to the sugar which is in like a
thick layer but then they go through
sugar showers for the rest of their
buttons get covered in the colorful
sugar that's running that day they start
with the five main ingredients which are
sugar corn syrup gelatin air my game
plan is to whip up a batch of
marshmallow so that I can practice the
piping because that's I think the most
challenging part of this is trying to
really perfect that shape and that
motion all right now I just want to
focus on the marshmallow mixture and the
shape of the peeps you know like I got
this here's what I'll do it dissolves
one envelope pattern gelatin in cold
water gelatin has to soften before it
can be dissolved I like to put the whole
mixture in the fridge with it cold
usually takes about ten minutes or so to
soften all right now I'm gonna set up my
egg whites I'm gonna start whipping my
egg because I want that just very very
soft peaks before I add the syrup on the
stove bring together sugar water corn
syrup up to a boil then stream it into
the bowl of a mixer until it cools down
a bit I dissolve the gelatin over the
stove you have to really make sure that
there's no granules in there
otherwise not only will your brush balls
be grainy but then they won't set I also
don't want to boil it though because if
you boil gelatin it will basically kill
the setting power and beat that in look
the whole thing I didn't know my vanilla
transferred to my piping bag I have to
work with the decent speed because the
longer this mr sits the more it'll set
and then I don't get that nice peak off
the end up hiding bag time to attempt
the piece
so the worst first attempt okay I need a
stiffer Marais
you know but I feel like the shape is
maybe not mmm not terrible what I have
to do is I think draw myself some guides
sort of make a grid of lines to stay in
they're just kind of like amorphous
blobs like when I do this the peak
should hold its shape rather than flop
over like that
it needs some different kind of mixing
better mixing I think I will try
dissolving the gelatin directly into the
sugar mixture and trying to get a much
stiffer marshmallow mixture in the end
that's the goal for batch two so using
that guy as my guide like I think the
texture of this marshmallow mixture is
actually really nice so I'm I'm actually
like sort of happy about it a little
better I think right I look cute anyone
anyone I feel like these look pretty
good they're cute right Chris did you
even see this yeah they peaked they're
like people di Pete great first test
these have to said you got to pick this
back up another day but I feel really
encouraged by these initial tests good
texture really nice volume not that hard
to make a peep I guess so hopefully day
two we're gonna wrap this up all right
it's day two of peeps the first thing I
want to do before I tackle the sugar
component because I think that's kind of
next steps I just want to check on the
batch that I made last week overall I
went home feeling pretty pleased with
the progress from day one there's one
thing that I see that is not ideal which
is there's some pretty big air bubbles
that have popped that tells me that the
egg whites were whipped a little bit too
much before I started adding the surra
next time I need like a denser foam
my ear my right ear is superclocked and
blow my head back and over in unclogs
I'm on the mend I'm not contagious but
I'm just still pretty congested because
I was sick last week the next step will
be preparing the sugars and those
flavorings but first I'm going to use
some sorbonne sanding sugar just to coat
the peeps so I can evaluate like how
Italy in the texture when I eat them I'm
gonna grind the sugar a bit finer maybe
a spice grinder would work better
[Music]
maybe a little too fine I basically just
made powdered sugar good you know so now
I'm gonna just sift this over the peeps
I can understand why the peeps get the
sugar sprayed on because you know has to
kind of hit it in all three dimensions
and I'm really just getting it from one
ankle the very top mmm I have a little
sense of taste pretty good I'm pretty
happy with them it already tastes better
than the original see the big air
bubbles so I need to develop after I
think they popped after as they said
yeah really like mild really neutral but
there is just like a touch of that
vanilla in there almost like visit y'all
right you can do like a peep pop rock
collaboration ugly pops I don't want to
do Popeyes why why can't we do pop rocks
right in and tell her how much you want
to do pop rocks
please don't here's my basic plan for
flavors and colors I have some
freeze-dried raspberries which are
bright pink for the purple peeps we have
food grade lavender then for green we
have matcha and then for yellow you have
ground turmeric which does not have a
lot of flavor on its own so I think that
I'm going to use turmeric for added
color and then actually do some lemon
zest that I'll dehydrate and grind
it's a piece of garlic Gabi said and
this is a Brad thing too if you stick a
little garlic in your ear it'll pop but
I feel like it already I had it for one
second already kind of did it hurt I'm
just gonna go with it I can't leave it
in there I think so yeah so I'm gonna
zest these hopefully three lemons is
enough
and then I'll dehydrate it grind it it
didn't help I think I'm done with the
garlic okay I don't have to do anything
to the green tea or the tumeric so now
I'm gonna just start milling a bunch of
sugar to get it to the right coarseness
actually that looks looks good like it's
definitely finer than granulated but it
hasn't become a confectioner sugar
color and flavor go together and should
come from the same source so I'm not too
worried about like adding other flavors
and ingredients purple yam beet powder
corn flower petals and hibiscus because
I think overall it'll be more of a hint
than anything I'm gonna start grinding
and combining all of these I think it
looks pretty the lavender or purple it
helps a lot to have that raspberry in
there I mean the Rose is more of like a
scent and a flavor there's some like
brightness and acidity this is pink a
shade of pink I like fun dip
remember those hmm I'm excited to see
how these tapes on the marshmallow
before I make my full batch of
marshmallow I'm gonna prep my pants and
I'm going to make the lines as guides so
this is to prevent lots of sticking I'm
gonna brush away the top of the sugar
I'll have just maybe a centimeter of
space where I can anchor the peep I have
an important my ear is really clogged oh
well this is what you do I already put
garlic in it it did not work did do that
did you eat it no you heat it yeah
today on Brad fix flare boom right in
there Oh
yeah yeah that feels good no pain no
gain fire do some pop it like know that
probably make it worse
nothing I think it's so clogged it's so
clogged
oh that's misery right well that was a
useless break it does burn a little bit
okay let's get back on track a little
bit for the people I have to work with
some speed here because it will start to
set if I wait too long and if it starts
to set then I will get the right shape I
got I got it
all right that felt really stressful but
I did it so next I'm going to dust
everything with their respective sugars
I'm tossing it at it to try to get it
underneath and on top and in between you
know they are pretty sticky so I
shouldn't have any issues with the sugar
adhering see look good I'm gonna get
these under some plastic we'll come back
tomorrow hopefully for like wrap up
finishing touches and I feel pretty good
it's day three but I really feel like
today is gonna be a wrap-up day I feel
really good about what we did yesterday
and so today is gonna be like finishing
touches with little eyes on so I want to
take a look at how they fared over night
and see how the peeps have said oh oh
okay hmm Wow have some problems we've
hit a snag
I was sort of thinking to myself I'll
show you in a second but I was just
thinking to myself as I was coding the
last night it was like Oh usually I wait
until after they've set to cut them in
sugar but I was like it'll be fine it
doesn't seem like it was fine you can
see the liquid that's sugar dissolved in
the moisture that was drawn out of the
marshmallow I'm gonna have to start over
she was not anticipating egg whites or
mostly water sugar is hydro scopic and
it pulled the water out of the egg
whites okay I guess this was the useful
step
I learned something whatever sucks oh
but I'm gonna taste one first though the
turmeric is like really the first thing
you taste certainly unexpected from a
peep I actually think it has good
balance between the raspberry and the
rose or chicks
especially like very neutral with a
little lavender I kind of like it
actually think this would be improved I
think actually all of them would be
improved with a little bit of citric
acid to add just acidity just some
balance matcha hmm I feel like green tea
is also very normal flavor
watch out now it's like a thing today
yeah we'll get it done today pretty sure
I don't know here's my plan of attack
I'm gonna create my new set of guides on
the parchment paper oh nice no I'm not
nice oh I had some issues overnight
little melted a little weeping little
weeping yeah all the weeping weeping
people so it's been appropriate I'm
going to not start whipping the egg
whites until I add the gelatin and
started to solve it so that I don't over
with them again the important thing now
is to cover these minimize their air
exposure so that they can set then we'll
close with sugar yellow just had like to
pronounce tumeric flavor so I have
freeze dried mango
good I think I'm gonna add a little
citric acid purple fruits dried
blueberries mmm
but it's fruity with the lavender I
think good overall it's been two hours
since I piped the peeps I'm gonna try
and coat the ones we just made all right
what was I worried about they look great
it looks perfect
it looks very elaborate yeah oh you got
your customized yeah customization Brad
your fancy fancy so nice can I try no
you won't be able and I'd be very
impressed if you could pull back seventeen
hours present maybe I can I don't do a
lot of upper body that's rainbows almost
big as you think oh my god it's really
hard if a seventy pound I do it this Wow
I have a new appreciation for Brad's
strength all right twenty five percent are completed I
have my two rows of green tea peeps I
feel like this is so far the best
version the coverage is the best the
sugar looks super even now I want to
just do that exact same process and then
finish the rest of the colors okay I
think they look so cute I don't want
them to get damaged but I think if I'm
gentle enough I can turn them on their
heads and they'll be okay
you know it makes me a bit nervous their
own weight doesn't really help them to
peel off oh really
everyone go away I quit I want to talk
about it lost a little bit of their face
sad do you think we can do a beat a beak
transplant can I sniff it off the other
one yes and stick it on I'm performing a
medical procedure is happening a big
active mean it it's a big trance when
you're trying to get sharper points I
lost some beaks it's pretty good no one
will ever know I inverted them and I
think that there wasn't enough coverage
and then it's stuck I don't I don't
think this is the same thing as
dedication I think it is because well
mania I think I'm finally gonna nail it
on my last tray what I learned is you're
gonna do that same dusting but then
rather and from the whole thing upside
down I'm gonna try to remove the backing
while they're still like sitting upright
clearly these look great oh these will
look they're like a duck when they're
taking a nap you never know when they go
backwards and they like cut their little
head under the wings ah that's good
right
sure where are the eyeballs good last oh
that's I'm I've been waiting three days
to do that anymore finally their victory
left yeah exactly
okay oh nice yeah that was probably best
and they're all together that's very
important yeah they all exist in their
string it ducks ducks in a row so now
I'm gonna use chocolate like milk
chocolate do tiny little I know toffee
that looks a little bit more like a mega
a little higher percentage like dark
chocolate all right we got dark never
mind I'm gonna you start to shitting
over there
absolutely not
chocolates melted this is the part where
I feel those confident because the NACA
looks quite said ranged my clunky I can
do better than that all right
they look good I'll say that overall I
think it turned out really well
good stretch helm they're like the rose
the sugar overpowers the marshmallow but
the marshmallow flavor is so subtle that
at least there's like any flavor at all
because there wasn't in the original so
good
it's like mango overall I think the
marshmallows really good satisfying
fun to eat that's why I like
marshmallows are just fun to eat it's a
fun texture blueberry lavender raspberry
rose lemon mango green tea mango go for
it right off the bat they're much softer
and fluffier I'm sorry Bobby
alright they are not unless you count
like red number for a single flavor
that's nice
all the things that I said uh-huh that's
what's happening yeah okay good I'm glad
that was your expectation right man do
you want to try that one no that's you
when you come in with a hangover it's
not bright I'll never get hungover no
idea whatever miserably it's great you
know that he's got the flavor is like I
am you get the matcha yeah I mean it's
it you guys just made me feel better not
a weird smell you like upgraded that's
the name of the game I had a little
issue with the beaks so I put some
sunglasses on him to make him look a lot
happier the eyeballs are made of
chocolate
laughs that that was a nice touch you
taste lavender definitely
who berry flavor something hmm flavor
send the texture so it's so much lighter
so bouncy mm-hmm you succeeded so like
resoundingly with those ones and the
flavors are such an improvement thank
you Wow seriously people have never been
nicer really great okay here's how you
make gourmet aps
use a sharpie and straightedge to mark
Harshman paper with rows of five rectangles
to match keep dimensions turn paper
marker side down and place on rimmed
baking sheet lightly dust with corn
starch and set aside softened two
envelopes powdered unflavored gelatin in
one hundred thiry grams cold water for about ten
minutes meanwhile wipe out the bowl of a
stand mixer fitted with a whisk
attachment with white vinegar or a lemon
wedge and add four large egg whites and a
generous pinch of salt by two hundred grams
granulated sugar one hundred grams corn syrup
and eighty grams water in a small saucepan
bring to a boil over medium heat
stirring to dissolve the candy
thermometer can deside of the saucepan
and cook swirling often and brushing
down size with a wet pastry brush right
before mixture hits at one hundred forty five Fahrenheit
start the mixer on medium high to beat
eggs very soft peaks when the
thermometer registers one hundred forty five remove
saucepan from heat and scrape and
gelatin mixture this world to dissolve
increase speed to high and slowly stream
sugar mixture into foamy eggs continue
to beat until marshmallow mixture form
stiff glossy Peaks speed in two teaspoons
vanilla extract and two teaspoons
marshmallow root extract transfer mixer
to two piping bags fitted with identical
round pastry tips and pipe onto prepared
baking sheets into peak shape flicking
the pastry bag at the end to form a peak
to eat cover with plastic avoiding
contact between plastic and marshmallow
allowed to set at least four hours
grind granulated sugar in a spice
grinder until finely milled but not
powder transfer to a bowl brian free
straight fruit and or flavored
ingredient of your choice to a very fine
powder and mix with ground sugar to
create desired color and flavor this
mixture discarding larger particles thus
peeps all over with colored sugar and
carefully peel off the parchment coating
bottoms with more sugar and tapping off
excess make I've also have melted
chocolate me before they start to leave
[Music]
so the whole point of keep juicing is
you want to see which one remains intact
without like blowing up oh I never meant
to see that's this okay how long do you
think yours is out oh I'm gonna put
another minute on never made it ten
whatever right okay should we call it
yeah okay I still understand who the
winner is
oh I don't know Claire I think you won I
think it's safe to call this a draw
although you seem to have struggled a
little bit more it kind of smells like
campfire marshmallow this looks like a
turn

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Cheez-Its | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
which cheese am i maybe I'm white
cheddar perpetually has a theory Chris
is original liked everything you liked
the four of us cool
I feel like Andy's hot and spicy post
selfies from the back of his limo oh
it's been a while since I've pulled my
hair out at one of these episodes but
I'm I'm getting there
hey everyone I'm Claire today we are in
the VA Test Kitchen and I am making
gourmet cheez-its I don't have like a
close personal relationship with
cheez-its
but I do think that they're very good
does it possible they're not as good as
I remember what I remember about
cheez-its and what I still think is
really good is like how tangy they are
you're left with this mouth-watering
acidity that makes you want to keep
eating them I think that we could try to
make our version have more cheese flavor
I kind of want to try the white cheddar
whoa these are incredible this is their
jaws line regular cheese head and
caramel popcorn in one bag delicious the
only real option here anything is to
make the original cheddar now we want to
analyze the cheese it on a micro-level
so I'm gonna get rid of all this stuff
and pull in the crackers so I can take a
closer look okay first I'm gonna start
by measuring it looks like it's exactly
one inch one two three four so seven
little grooves per side then the other
opposite sides only have four there are
lots and lots of little air pockets with
layers of cracker in between and little
even tiny little micro air bubbles on
the surface I can tell that they're
baked because there's a flat side there
is no browning on anywhere that might
present a challenge for the way that
we're gonna bake them it might involve
some kind of dehydration to really get
them to be dry all the way through my
guests about cheez-its and how they're
made is that it's not that complicated
it's a dough that's rolled out into
sheets cut in two directions to make
these squares and then baked if we
really want to get those very crispy
layers then you would maybe also use a
technique called lamination with butter
to produce a texture similar to the
outside of a croissant with like lots of
layers so that might be something to
work into this recipe
Gabriela do you want a tape okay so you
told me earlier this is your favorite
snack it's one of your favorites they
don't like it don't like it small penis
hmm it was kind of like a toasted cheese
like it's almost like a little bit like
acrid right off the bat I was like the
flavor can be improved I could just
actually make it more cheddar obviously
artificial you call it that's not color
I mean to me said that orange cheddar is
artificially colored made like a nacho
it would be fun not paprika no because I
don't want to just have a pepper flavor
you know although like a tiny tiny bit
of cayenne I think would be good the
hole in the middle is like very I think
that's the iconic thing about yeah
my theory is that the hole in the center
is to prevent the cracker from like
puffing all the way like doming then the
little sprinkling of salt on top how
hard can be to make a cracker not hard
oh it's time for my favorite part
reading the ingredients enriched flour
parenthesis wheat flour is a diamond
right on nitric acid floats parentheses
vegetable oil parentheses soybean and
palm oil with TBHQ for friends
parentheses she's made with skim milk
Fred the Seas way adult he's Otto
extract oil our embassies contains two percent or
less of saw every case paprika extract
soy lecithin annatto is a seed it does
produce like a very very bright yellow
color I do think it's interesting that
it does have an auto extract color which
I talked about and there's paprika and
paprika extract color which Molly
mentioned so that helps explain the like
very orange color so now we're ready to
go over to the computer and start kind
of like the research base here's their
website in nineteen eighty six cheese it reveals to the
world their secret of how they've been
making their crackers so delicious it's
all in the hundred percent real cheese
it was the year I was born
yeah it's a roller that punches out the
little ridged rectangle I never thought
of it until now but it's like a ravioli
cutter there's a tool and the pastry
chefs use to cut like strips of dough
that are parallel and it's this like set
of pastry wheels on kind of like an
accordion style this I think is gonna be
a faster way of cutting a lot of cheese
it's all at once the liquid in the dough
comes from like a salty solution rolled
out folded over several times so they're
punched out in the sheets baked and then
broken apart into the individual
crackers so I did some research online
for cracker recipes I have some ideas
about how I'm gonna roll it out and add
that flaky texture so I'm actually
really excited to start this process I
took off my power blazer and put on my
apron the apron means that it's time to
start cooking my plan is to mix up the
dough incorporate the butter cut bake
dehydrate so here's what I'm gonna do
Gabi found some annatto seed to extract
the color from these I'm going to bloom
it in some oil this will be our orange
food dye I'm gonna start with putting
together a dough using the food
processor also adding some spices maybe
some paprika cayenne add the cheese I
bloomed yeast mixture and out of oil and
then I'm gonna speed this through the
tube the color is looking good I think
it could be more orange still let me add
one more teaspoon of the oil and maybe
another tablespoon of water the overall
consistency is nice it's not sticky I
mean it's raw flour like which doesn't
taste great could have added a lot more
cheese to it but I'm gonna carry on and
just test out the proofing and the
forming so I have this idea for how to
create even more flaky layers and it
involves the technique called lamination
and I'm gonna use the food processor to
finely grate butter incorporate these
shreds of butter into the dough as I'm
rolling it so that it flattens into
these micro sheets of butter
and in the oven the water in the butter
turns to steam there's sort of a
separation effect and it creates a flaky
texture yeah I think the flavor is not
gonna be I already know it's like not
gonna be what I wanted to be yeah I love
Jesus you do oh yeah a little baguette
more in-flight movie contract uh-huh you
know oh I feel awful after I fly that's
why we gotta get first-class tickets on
one day you're on your way yeah it was
more like you Claire I've seen the
numbers what all right I I seen this
show Clarett I've never gone further
than the Lower East Side for this show
for anything anyway Jesus now yeah how
you gonna do it
well having fun kind of flipping the
door around all right I'm just gonna use
the the wheel here and a ruler what's
just fun I'm really excited to see the
outcome yeah but don't get too excited
because I think this one's gonna taste
bad I'm banking on the fact that we're
gonna get those wheel cutters and I
don't have to actually do this but I'm
gonna try to get an approximate shape I
have the smallest round tipped pastry
tip I could find and it really looks
like it kind of fits perfectly like to
the size of the little hole and that
she's it so I'm gonna use this to punch
a center hole out of each one I'm not
gonna bother with those little notches
and the sides because I think it's a
little premature I just want to get a
sense of the texture and taste Suns
going down get a little tired of this
step I'm just gonna bake the tray and
see what happens oh they did get a
little brown okay not not ideal they
definitely failed a lot like the color
like kind of bleached out these brown
too much there's really good layer
separation I mean it's the one I just
bit into but take a look at that it
looks very similar though Oh like the
profile side-by-side bro tasty I would
throw these at a party so these shrunk
almost a full eighth of an inch so I
have to go up in size a little bit I
actually am more encouraged by this
initial test than I thought I would be I
think I'm just gonna add more cheddar
and I would like
swap a little bit of the flour for the
powdered cheese to try to make them as
cheesy as possible and then go from
there I'm actually really excited to do
a second round feel pretty good about
like the changes that I want to make
make them cheesy or work on the
dimensions a little bit cream to edge
and of course that bright orange color
so first let me get the oil on the top
we're going for something ultra
concentrated so I want to use cake flour
instead of all-purpose just to try to
get something kind of light and texture
powdered cheese to try to get more of
like a cheddar flavor into the cracker
six ounces of cheddar today so orange is
time we look at the cutters okay I've
never actually used one of these have
only seen videos of it yeah so then you
just go before I had a lot of shrinkage
in the dough I cut it to an inch and it
was really more like three quarters of
an inch when it came out of the oven so
if I have twenty five percent shrinkage that I
want to set this to about one and a
quarter inches know that right
hold on Kevin again and it shrinks twenty five percent
then it shrinks more than a quarter-inch
so I need you're less than what my
calculator
waitwhat one in the third but how many
college degrees to that shake so I want
to go to about one and a third inches in
between I have to figure out now though
first what I'm gonna use to make a
little crimps around the edges we need
something Forks like but with thinner or
closer together tines cake testers would
work
I need a wire cutter I want to cut seven
individual pieces don't tell Gabi I'm
doing it so annoy my fingers dog do it
there's so much glue so there's my
little four pronged tool and my seven
and I think I'm ready finally to move
into the cutting face I need someone to
hold the parts Cristina all right I need
your Oh sis can you hold this parchment
paper yeah okay because it was moving as
I was trying to cut I'll try not to roll
over your finger I mean I think we do
you do buy it we need a second person
hey Kat oh good thank you both
okay so now one by one punching the
circle out of the center and making my
little marks on the sides
thinking that while there's a little bit
of moisture if I put the salt on it now
then it'll stick as it dries so we'll
see I tasted the cheese and kraft mac
and cheese
said another way it's delicious I feel
like so cheesy they're a little salty I
think we need it out on the salt a bit
especially because of that extra
sprinkle on top there's still a bit
bigger than the original and of course a
major different is how much thicker they
are it doesn't have this same like
extremely bright vivid orange color they
need to dry out more I want to leave
these in the dehydrator overnight to see
what happens but definitely I need to
roll them thinner for the next version
and I need to make them a little bit
smaller you can see that they've
definitely kind of raised around the
sides but overall I think dimensions
look better I want to let them hang out
in this two hundred degree oven for a little bit
and then put them in the dehydrator and
let them go overnight so real return to
form for for my makes the wire cutters
hot glue gun the dehydrator but overall
good size there's still a little bit
thick the real treatment today was
getting a cracker that tastes intensely
cheddar II but really it's gonna be
about construction and texture for
tomorrow on day three all right it's
Friday they be a Test Kitchen which
means she's Molly's here I'm very
curious to see what's been happening in
the dehydrator it's been over twenty four hours
the colour hasn't suffered I don't think
they look pretty good
I'm really hoping there's a crisp all
the way through texture all right hmm
so the dehydrator had the desired effect
you can see the layers inside go ahead
and taste for flavor let me know you
think really good they're a little bit
firm they taste good right
I'm gonna do one fewer lamination
because I think they'll be more dramatic
separation and like fewer layers which
is good
using the same dough recipe
after I pulled in those flutter bits I'm
gonna roll it out and fold it just one
time it looks interesting huh so today
the dough is a little bit different
there was some more cracking while I was
rolling it out so you can see parts
where the butter is peeking through
that's not really good and I'm not
really sure what that change was today
because we didn't do anything different
in the formula but I'm just gonna go
with it and see what happens I'm not
loving the surface texture where the
butter was present and then it kind of
melted in the oven and vaporized a
little bit so it left just make these
little voids there a little flowery
because I use a lot of flour to roll
them out they're not at all crisp so
that's I don't think that this is a
batch it's gonna make our cheese it's I
want to complete put together another
dough just do the exact same thing over
again to try to get just a more solid
lamination basically it's an abject
failure very have old texture on the
surface I'm mixing another batch of
dough more elasticity and extensibility
less cracking theoretically I'm gonna
use one seamless layer of butter bad
today something bad is happening today
it's really bad energy it's all messed
up it looks so much different much worse
than it did yesterday I don't know why
usually at least have some idea what the
problem is
look at that that's really bad okay
just as a final test it's kind of
pointless but I just want to see what
that dough is like if I can even roll it
out to a thickness and then cut it and
just bake it off I don't know it's just
seems pointless but so fifteen minutes come
back and check it I was feeling good no
now I feel terrible
bread's at the BAFTAs this is version two
version three and version four not in a good
place please
Brad's in London right now in a fluid
business class yeah I blame you Brad
that's his fault yeah where are you read
I think probably make me feel worse I
don't want talking about it alright I
did there's heartbreak
okay I'm gonna look at the crackers that
went in one of them looks great look how
good that one looks no the rest of them
are disasters I can't blame anyone and
it's frustrating I blame you know what I
blame Brad oh but it's weird because I
did not change anything
between today and yesterday so now I'm
pivoting on the dough I'm pulling out
the yeast I'm switching back to
all-purpose flour yeah yeah I'm going
down on the amount of cheese I think
that's doing a lot I think there's so
many things in here that aren't flat
that isn't flour
they're very cheesy like it's not the
flavor isn't the issue
it was time for you to have a challenge
yeah I know you know I mean yeah like
Reese's Cups it's you're saying it's
karma they're gonna fall good kitchen
which is why Gabi's covering everything
in black garbage bags so I'm gonna get
out of here
you'll have a drink take my mind off of
cheez-its and then put my background
cheese's over the weekend and try to
think about it figure out what's
happening what's going wrong and then
come back and maybe you know what maybe
it needs like a full one hundred eighty pivot like
somewhere else go in the other direction
I don't know it's day four I'm sad to
say did not think this one was gonna
take me into four days I'm gonna pivot
and change the method a little bit and I
want to try a version that's not Ystad
because the yeast is really slowing us
down and I want to finish today I want
to do a technique that's closer to like
pie dough where I'm going to add the
butter into the food processor after the
cheese and then bring everything
together with some water chill it roll
it out bake it see what happens it
definitely feels more wet
[Music]
I'm excited and a little nervous all
right they look good they looked nice
and puffed I see some really nice little
air bubbles so I'm pretty pleased and
there's a little bit of browning on the
bottom I'm going to immediately get this
tray into the dehydrator so they can
fully dry out they look great I'm very
happy with how uniform they are the
color looks nice actually I'm very very
happy with these well those look like
Jesus Yeah right there girls are very
close so crisp and light that's crispy
mmm and salty and the cheese flavors
nice I feel like I did a good job so
what I hear you saying is I nailed it
the size is super super close I mean
there's maybe a couple millimeters
difference and flavor the whole way
through has been really good so I'm not
even worried about that there's many
more layers and they're definitely finer
in texture in the homemade yob overall
pretty close chittering nobody's good
store team yeah like potato chips salty
so yeah I certainly not anticipate
having that really frustrating day on
Friday but I do think it made the final
version better than it would have been
if I had just kept going down that path
so happy no regrets about the process I
love the flavor really great texture I
think I'm a great here's how you make
gourmet cheese it to make the anata o
oil combine quarter caponata seeds half cup
vegetable oil and two teaspoons of paprika
in a small saucepan bring to a gentle
simmer and remove from heat let cool and
then strain to make the dough pull seven
ounces all-purpose flour two ounces powder
cheddar one and half teaspoon baking powder
half teaspoon kosher salt two tablespoons
buttermilk powder quarter teaspoon sugar
quarter teaspoon smoked paprika four tsp
sweet have
and a pinch of cayenne in the food
processor at four ounces finely diced
sharp yellow cheddar and four tsp
annatto oil and pulse until cheddar has
almost disappeared into flour and the
mixture isn't even orange you add half
cup diced butter and pulse again until
butter pieces our piece eyes are smaller
transfer to a large bowl and slowly add
seven tablespoons water tossing to combine
need make stir gently to bring together
into a dough and wrap in plastic
pressing into a flat square chill for at
least an hour roll out on a floured
surface to his eighth inch thickness cut
dough into one and a quarter inch
squares crimp all four sides using a
custom-made hot-glued comb thingy and
use a small round pastry tip to punch
out the center hole sprinkle with
crushed flaky salt bake at three hundred
Fahrenheit until puffed and firm but not
browned about twenty minutes transfer to a
dehydrator and dry until crisp all the
way through do you believe that she's
gives you weird dreams no I don't know I
think cheese gives you a weird dreams I
think melatonin gets you weird dreams
this is a personal factor about myself
but I'm really when I was younger and
today was really into Buffy and there
was like this whole episode where it was
like a whole dream sequence and like
cheese popped up and like Ford it was
like everyone in everyone's dreams there
was like Oh weird cheese moment that was
never explained
so I guess but I never have weird dreams
when I eat cheese you guys ever watched
Buffy it's the best show ever
but you know it but you know it's a
great show as long as you know that okay
yeah I still have a question on cert
Michelle Gellar

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Reese's Peanut Butter Cups | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
Oh God this is not this is a great
nothing this is great I don't know
there's something in there just don't
worry about it I don't know something in
the peanut butter mixture it's looks
like no it looks like chocolate everyone
I'm Claire we were in the BA's kitchen
today and I am making gourmet Reese's
[Music]
Reese's are the one candy that I still
eat as an adult fairly regularly we'll
be taking a lot of these home to put in
my freezer because I like to eat them
frozen it's such an assault of sugar
that like you're my like salivary glands
like tingle it's like what's happening
the no chocolate peanut butter I really
like it is extremely sweet but then you
have what I think is truly the secret to
why these are so good it's just that the
peanut butter is so salty there's a lot
of things here I haven't seen before
there's something called the Reese's big
cup stuffed with Reese's Pieces candy
it's delightful it's really a good
texture from the like sugary shell
fastbreak candy bar version with nougat
incredibly sweet I think the Reese's
that we create can only be the classic
cups because that's what I prefer to eat
and that to me is like the most iconic
here's a question that I wanted to kind
of answer in this exploratory phase is
like do I have to temper chocolate again
chocolate that's tempered is chocolate
that has been heated and cooled so that
when you break it it stays shiny and
snappy and firm but like these are
sitting out at room temperature and look
at the bottom it's so soft
yes I am trying to avoid tempering
chocolate so that is the answer that I
want to have tempered chocolate no right
Chris
yes it can't be too thick a layer right
right I think part of the good thing
about reasons is you can bite into it
just like the picture shows and it
breaks cleanly right where your teeth
were and it doesn't like snap and break
off into shards or anything like that so
I have to make peanut butter please say
no what's the point of making peanut
butter yes smokers natural my favorite
peanut butter in the world
[Music]
I'll make you a deal
I'll temper chocolate if I can start
with store-bought peanut butter we
should just take this whole show to
Whole Foods which is like three blocks
away and just use their their peanut
butter machine that counts right I think
you have to make your own peanut butter
that's the wrong answer
can I at least use peanut butter as a
starting ingredient and not having to
make my own peanut butter you probably
have to make your own beer
I want a deeper toastiness to the
texture of the peanut butter I know it's
a little hard I think it's like kind of
fluffy do you want there to be like a
snap when you bite into it or that
softer texture there is a right answer
I like the softer okay good so well
you're really thing if I don't have to
temper the chocolate I would not
temperature really melty tempered not
hampered dull as hell I think enough
people agree that it should not be like
a snappy break you know like silent hard
and I have an idea of how I would make
it which is to fill the cup with
chocolate press a disc of peanut butter
down into the chocolate so that it fills
out all along the edges and then put a
layer on top I think keeping it milk
chocolate is pretty key but I'm just now
thinking about like that filling and how
like kind of like fluffy texture and how
I'm gonna do that so I need to get like
deeper into the construction of the
peanut butter cup and also take a closer
look at that filling let me draw you a
little
diagram so I want to basically figure
out proportionate to the size of the cup
how much chocolate and how much peanut
butter so that I could scale it to
whatever size that we're gonna make
three grams that area of a circle is PI
R squared right
the area of the bottom one point seven
and just square this whole thing is kind
of stupid because I can't get I can't
get tenths of grams this whole ideas do
we have like a crazy sensitive scale
time for my favorite part and the most
informative reading ingredients milk
chocolate sugar cocoa butter chocolate
skim milk milk fat lactose lecithin pgpr
that's sugar extra salt TBHQ and citric
acid to maintain freshness basically the
ingredients are milk chocolate peanuts
and sugar you know I like the idea of
starting from using whole peanuts like
using a whole product maybe week over to
the computer and maybe see what we can
find out about how the filling in
particular is made and then how they're
built in the factory peanuts right over
vibrating valves to get the peanut
butter to spread out a depositor sports
the final chocolate layer into the cup a
puff of air spreads out the chocolate
that puff of air at the end to spread
out the chocolate we can do that a
little canned air from like staples or
something today I want to focus on that
peanut disk and just see if I can get
something that will hold its shape at
room temperature so I'm gonna have to
find some peanuts
I thought about this receipe it was for
a homemade halva halva is sort of a
Middle Eastern candy made from sesame
paste basically that recipe was
screaming a quick sugar syrup into
sesame paste and it does create fluffy
firm texture I'm essentially gonna
decrease the amount of sugar and
increase the amount of peanut butter
because I want it to be less set Wow so
peanutty I was sort of afraid of making
it to sweep I don't think that's really
happened I've never used these before
Rhoda just got them they are spacers
that you put over your rolling pin
that's so that it's raised evenly off
the counter so you don't get any thin
spots or thick spots I really just wanna
let this set at room temp maybe y'all
check back in ten or fifteen minutes now it's
a little bit oily on the surface not too
bad actually I want to try cutting
punching out a circle with a cutter so
hopefully it should fit nicely but also
snugly inside the bottom of this wrapper
can you finish lunch Joan taste this
peanut butter stuff it's a little bit
bitter in the way that like tahini is
better just from the peanuts
you've already improved it I guess the
only thing it's the thickness and the
amount this will just be ending as a
test for like flavor proportion I may
have to work on I'm just gonna use those
for tests that I tried and and put them
in two cups if we like this and we get
to a point where we're gonna stop today
I think I can always hold this until we
start up again my filling is setting in
the freezer and the last thing really to
do is melt my milk chocolate I'm going
to trim down these paper liners so that
they're the same height as the
she's got hand-delivered canned air like
you would use to clean out your keyboard
and this is what I'm gonna use to try to
spread out a dollop the chocolate on the
top and use it to kind of woo
we think that was why is it so cold but
why okay alright I feel like that's so
far no liquid all right okay let me grab
my filling it's pretty solid so I'll
should be able to press it down into the
melted chocolate what did I say eight hundred eight
grams
good tap it on the counter to flatten
out the chocolate okay I think that work
pretty well let's do the rest and no
longer can really weigh it but I can
kind of eyeball what I think three grams of
chocolate looks like and then I'm gonna
use that can dare to try to flatten it
out into a single layer and the serpent
a gentle what is it I'm so worried about
what is the chemical in there that yeah
like there's a liquid in here that's I
don't know I don't know what's going on
first aid treatment that's not good it
should not come in contact with skin ah
treat for frostbite if necessary this is
not a good I just like use a straw and
blow but people not gonna want to eat my
like blown air the intentional misuse by
deliberately inhaling but and may be
fatal that's not actually funny so I'm
just gonna get rid of this one this
isn't this is no longer food safe Rhoda
had a great idea because I think it's
unsafe to use the canned air to the heat
gun from all your food styling
and that's high oh no it's not I think I
think the job loves burning I love it
okay this is it use it for your glasses
just before the lens they're like gold
dust oh oh oh oh York in the camera lens
[Music]
it's not mortgaging that well the other
options are this I was excited about the
air idea might not work but the other
options are to like go in with a tool
obviously this isn't the right shape but
something like an offset spatula and
just spread it around maybe the spoon
was the way to go the whole the whole
time you know besides like the little
Dairy Queen swoop in the center not not
the worst finish so I'm just trying to
see if I can get rid of it with this
little guy it's kind of working
the middle one looking really good get
the chocolate went Matt
a couple things one I know that that
layer on top is too much chocolate so
that's problem number one problem number
two I think that the peanut butter
itself just needs to be thicker it's
really intense like even a little bit of
bitterness from the nuts that actually
is balancing it out really well I would
like more peanut butter I think it's too
much chocolate but I actually really
think that the texture of the peanut
butter mixture is pretty nice
tastes good I think when I try this
again I'm gonna leave the peanut butter
mixture the same but keep it a little
bit thicker and then I want to try
everything with a new assembly method so
that it's better in proportion and then
I'll taste it again and I can kind of
see if I want to tweak the peanut
mixture after I do that a couple of
changes that I wanted to make a thicker
layer of peanut butter obviously the
canned air thing like that was not
really successful but I did have an idea
which was using our airbrush machine you
can control the airflow better and it
has like a more diffuse kind of like
stream of air so it's gonna really just
be kind of like a little work day doing
the exact same thing just time to get to
work
that's very close doesn't does it
no it's fine looks great
so this is the airbrush machine that we
originally got for the skittles episode
it come in very handy we used it again
for snowballs oh do the clock you know
just as important as purchasing tools is
maintaining my mad it's a little
disappoint are you talking about me no
and I'm not gonna fill it with any food
colouring I think I'm just gonna use the
air streams just to get sort of like a
smooth glossy finish on the top of the
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup the tapping is
more effective than the airbrush machine
each one of these is kind of a lot of
work but those initial three tests look
pretty good they have a nice smooth talk
this is gonna be sort of the one where
all the finish will go and I'll keep it
in the fridge and then I'm going to just
do three at a time in this second pan so
that I can tap these around and I'm not
just serving the ones that I've already
done the airbrush is making up for the
fact that I'm not tempering the
chocolate I don't know that it is it
doesn't want to be tempered no only you
wanted to be tempered I I do want soft
chocolate don't worry Chris it's gonna
be great don't worry it's only person
wants the chocolate be temporary I'm
just gonna continue to ignore that if I
were really determined to make this
perfectly smooth you get the torch out
the torch is good for popping little air
bubbles surface oh do you see that it
popped a bunch of air bubbles did you
get it they are much smoother on the
surface than they were before
so I'm taking out the ones that have set
in the fridge I just put the second
batch back in these look really good
these two have a little bit of fat bloom
on the surface and that's what happens
sometimes when you don't temper
chocolate once they come back up to room
temperature I think maybe they'll
hopefully lose some of that no I'm still
not tempering the chocolate it's just
not happening should we try this one
just to see or is it too early I try it
I think good good clinging to the paper
even maybe a little too much first
impressions really good chocolate
coverage nice definition around the
sides this wings been sitting room ten
for a few minutes so it's definitely
soft
Wow I just want you to look at that
incredible incredibly even layer of
chocolate on the top and bottom it's not
too sweet the way that the Reese's is
sort of like overwhelmingly sweet and
it's really good I don't think there's
anything that I would really change I'm
just gonna keep going and doing and I
was doing the whole time just two sets
of three and then that should get me
through all the filling okay I made fourteen
Reese's peanut butter cups so okay
obviously these are bigger but overall
I'm very happy with the way that they
look and I know that these are not
tempered chocolate
so despite Chris telling you I was doing
it wrong
I still disagree oh my god look at that
look at how even in uniform the homemade
version is compared to the original I'm
actually quite impressed that it started
out so even on the top and bottom layers
delightful thank you there's more going
on it's not quite as steep like you know
when the Reese's like you don't really
get like a any yeah thing essentially
it's like peanut halva yeah innocently
exactly I do think it's like it's an
impressively thin layer of chalk yeah I
do like a really nice
thank you I did Matt I did math to do it
chocolates you saw don't just zoom out
on that one don't look too close they're
good whatever I just leave you're better
talk apart yeah just don't remark upon
how they're not coming out of the paper
cleanly oh my god I like peanuts ready
dad uh-huh yeah exactly
don't don't look too close it's a little
bit of a Monet you know look just know
that's what I said not to do I just look
for this squint a little bit the release
is a little different yeah well the
papers a little different I know the
flavor is really really good and I
really like I I like actually prefer the
inside oh my god you're not just saying
that right no I know I didn't pay you to
say that right no I feel like it's a
natural improvement on it because the
interior of the Reese's is so sickly
sweet you enjoying that makes me not
upset when I do this stuff
Oh set it up read another way I hate it
less not tempering the chocolate was
kind of a shortcut but I think
ultimately despite Chris Chris's
protests really did result in something
that it's very similar to the original
so that I'm into I'm very pleased these
are ones that I would take home and try
and you know eat after dinner for like
my little sweet treat here's how you
make gourmet Reese's peanut butter cups
toast two and a half cups peanuts in a
three hundred fifty oven until golden brown twenty to twenty five
minutes grind in a food processor until
a smooth nut butter forms measure out
one cup peanut butter and transfer to
the bowl of a stand mixer beat in one
and a half teaspoons vanilla extract and
three quarters teaspoon kosher salt just until
mixed bring half cup sugar and three
tablespoons water to a boil in a small
saucepan until the sugar syrup reaches
two hundred forty eight Fahrenheit slowly stirring the sugar
syrup into the peanut butter and beat
just until mixture is cool turn out onto
a sheet of parchment paper and let cool
slightly roll out peanut butter mixture
into a slab approximately quarter inch
thick cover and let set until cool
punch out circles to a diameter just
smaller than the bottom of a standard
muffin line
freeze filling until ready to use trim
ruffled edge of dark muffin liners to
the height of Reese's peanut butter cups
fill each liner with eight grams of
melted milk chocolate and place in a
muffin pan tap to flatten chocolate
remove peanut butter filling from the
freezer and press one into the center of
each filled cake liner until the
chocolate is pushed up and flush with
the top of the peanutbutter pipe three
grams of melted chocolate over top and
tap to spread out chocolate spread
around with a spoon to cover top of
peanut butter then use a torch to heat
chocolate a tap pan to even out the
surface chill until chocolate is set
repeat with more chocolate muffin liners
and peanut butter until you run out of
filling thank you these are my new shoes
they're my favorite shoes I've ever
owned I love them clogs are great
because they really they're good for my
natural foot shape which is where I
couldn't be happier that they're in in
fashion

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Ferrero Rocher | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
um bread just taste it this is like a
long marriage I just need to be like
honey it's great yeah you got it oh no
oh that's already hot
hi everyone I'm Claire we are here in
the BA's kitchen and today I am making
gourmet Ferrero Rocher which is arguably
our takes a gourmet snack this was
really I think kind of like a fan
favorite and was requested a lot so
we're gonna try it today I was aware of
Ferrero Rocher because of the
commercials but I never really ate that
much as the kid growing up so this says
that Rocher chocolates are a tempting
combination of luscious creamy
chocolatey filling surrounding a whole
hazelnut within a delicate crisp wafer
all enveloped in milk chocolate and
finely chopped hazelnuts
I think hazelnut is kind of like a
sophisticated flavor whether or not it's
actually fancy it's certainly marketed
to be thought of as like a fancy treat
if you're like trying to buy a gift for
someone at the drugstore this is your
best option to look fancy yeah we have
you come on in the commercial was saying
at the ambassador's party does that seem
I need four packets like sixty dollars Wow Wow I
had a viewer recently reached out to me
to say that she was like rather upset
about like the beginning of every show
having this abundance of this like
packaged product and thinking that it
goes to waste but I'm sure might know
but it always gets eaten I just want to
say and I'm sure that these will all be
eaten probably in record time yes all
right so I'm gonna try to open this
really impressive large box of ooh
fine hands Lynette chocolates yes it
smells it sort of has like a Nutella e
smell you get hazelnut and chocolate for
sure it's covered in actually pretty
uniform top it pieces of hazelnut it
looks like the hazelnuts are somehow
stuck to the candy first and then it's
may be dipped it's like a three
centimeter
diameter so it's one hazelnut and then
it's suspended in this gooey ganache II
a Nutella II paste and then that's
inside two hemispheres of wafer well so
actually Christina J told me this she
was like there is one proper way to eat
a Ferrero Rocher and that is to like
nibble off the chocolate hazelnut
coating break apart the two spheres like
there's a natural seam and then split it
in half and then eat it it's great I
love the mix of textures and flavors the
hazelnuts give it sort of a slight
savory quality and then the sweet milk
chocolate and you know all these
different texture is like the wafer is
kind of light and airy
so the wafer is a hollow sphere it looks
like it's filled together by chocolate
so I can try to make the wafers and the
molds fill them in the mold stick them
together and then coat them Christina
Lee Roche oh wow okay really did you eat
I tried there's no real benefit to doing
this I think like my mom was very
controlling about how much candy I was
lucky eat as a kid uh-huh I really like
it favorite like make it last long for
it to be a fresh a what does it have to
have the uniform paper-thin crisp
perfectly spherical wafer okay I'm not
really worried about any other part
besides the wafer because I'm gonna know
how to make basically Nutella yeah it's
like you're yeah we I think like we had
a key build a to do that that's not that
hard wafers are pretty interesting yeah
like how like a double org
mmm-hmm sounds like a nightmare yeah how
do you around waver Carla I don't even
know I think if I can get the wafer then
the rest of it will be like relatively
straightforward I don't want to only
want to mess with the flavor overall I
mean it is what it is
chocolate hazelnut but I just want to
use really nice chocolate toast some
hazelnuts and then I think overall or
the improvement will be in just those
details so my favorite part now reading
the ingredients no chocolate red to
seize sugar cocoa butter Mac milk powder
butter oil all one word less it's
already Vanilli artificial flavor
hazelnuts sugar palm oil Wow well that
cocoa powder the podium by car saw
lanolin and artificial flavor butter oil
is at least what Wikipedia said is that
it's clarified butter so the palm oil
that's what's inside that filling that's
keeping it really soft but I want to see
if I can avoid that and now I want to go
over to the computer and see if I can
find a little bit more about how to meet
oh wait this is what Gaby is what you're
talking about the ambassador's reception
[Music]
ferrero rocher signpost
so apparently roche does mean rock or
holder in french but it was specifically
named after no well his name the family
name is Ferrero but it does believe he
named the Roche after a grotto in the
Roman Catholic shrine of Lourdes so
apparently was a devout Catholic and the
founder who tell us so it's not wrong to
say that the filling is Nutella like and
possibly is Nutella
this is the first line for every
Wikipedia page the production process is
secretive I think the search is mostly
just making me realize how impossible
the wafer is gonna be what I really
should be doing is probably looking for
molds online that seems right ish maybe
we can order it I'm gonna revisit that
KitKat wafer that I did before I want
you to know that I can accept zero
criticism right now maybe I can bake
them flat take them out before they're
fully set and kind of press them into
those half spheres okay the main
components are the toasted has on the
center creamy filling the wafer shell
and then the chocolate coating on the
outside which it's like soft so my plan
is just to basically use melted milk
chocolate and chopped hazelnuts on the
outside so nothing is gonna be too
difficult except for that way for shell
so I have some blanched whole hazelnuts
here and I want to toast those and then
lay this afternoon I want to kind of
focus on maybe that like creamy hazelnut
chocolate filling basically before I do
anything I have to toast so much
I'll come back and check in twenty minutes
yeah these are looking good
while I wait for this to pool I want to
just take another look at the filling in
Ferrara shape
it does look too much cheese melted like
Nutella confirmed that is Nutella you
tell us straight from the jar for arrow
che filling it says Ferrero right there
so I'm gonna make the leap and say that
this is the it's one and the same but
the first ingredient is sugar which is
interesting and then palm oil it's
really like a sugar palm oil spread with
hazelnuts and cocoa I feel like I can
make us or a version of it we just did
it non scientific side by side and the
filling considering it's the same
company Nutella is the filling whoa yeah
Wow yeah oh I think I really learned a
lot today let me go through and pick the
nicest looking hazelnuts and reserve thirty
or so to be the center's and I'll start
chopping some to use for the coating I'm
gonna chop them in batches by hand and
then sip them so that I'm getting like
uniform just pieces okay so I finely
chopped and then Reed chopped and then
reach opt against and then again all of
the hazelnut bits I think actually it
looks really good I have the like
hazelnut dust that I sift it out so I'm
gonna put this into the blender and then
start to make that filling do you've any
agave you light it got a condo seriously
like what everything go yeah oh yeah
great there we go Wow promise aw thank
you so I'm gonna start with two ounces of
agave vanilla extract and I'm gonna add
a lot of salt he was a nut oil cocoa
obviously it needs to be smoother than
this so now I can add a little bit more
agave and that liquid will help to
smooth it out okay so it's starting it's
separated I had the mixture in the
Vitamix for so long and I can feel the
sides it's getting really hot so now and
very unfortunately have like all of this
separated hazelnut oil from the solids I
don't think it's gonna come back
together I'm gonna start over sucks I'm
gonna try to find a use for this I will
because when I waste those are like
really nice hazelnuts and I certainly
don't want that to go to waste I didn't
say I was gonna nail him on the first
try because I gonna know how to make
basically Nutella yeah like we have the
capability to do that that's not that
hard I'm so bummed about this sucks
maybe it's actually better to start it
in the food processor because that is
better at grinding up like everything
more evenly and also not letting it get
too hot it's pretty greasy this mixture
is cool so temperature isn't what caused
this to split you know as soon as I
added that agave that's sort of what
triggered it maybe the liquid sweetener
is not helping I'm just gonna fold it
into brownie batter I think OB it's
gonna taste great so we took a
five-minute break and I read a blog post
about the do's and don'ts of nut butter
making and it was like do not use a
high-powered blender and do not add
liquids I was doing everything wrong so
I'm switching it up a little bit I'm
going to granulated sugar because
actually the crystals in the sugar
that's an abrasive and it will help
create that nut butter faster I'm going
to try doing melted chocolate in it
rather than cocoa powder
[Music]
alright let's see what this looks like
it's very fluid which is great because I
know it'll tighten up as it sits hmm
it's a pronounced bitterness from the
chocolate but I like it and I think
initially what you get is a little hit
of sweetness and then like all these
other flavors happening so I think the
only thing left to do for now at least
is to get it into an airtight container
and just let it sit you have to sort of
evaluate how it sets up and Monday will
really be about the wafer and that's
gonna be a really big challenge
hopefully that KitKat recipe will help
me a little bit and be a good
jumping-off point and we're just going
to wait and see
hi everyone it's Monday by the weekend
to think about Ferrero Rocher which I
did not do it all even a little bit but
I did make brownies so they taste great
this is a good salvage effort for the
ingredients that I kind of screwed up on
Friday here's the recipe screw up two
batches of Nutella actually basically
follow be its best cocoa brownie I'm
gonna put these over there and then
people can kind of nibble on them
throughout the day and then actually
it's time to get to work alright so this
is still pretty loose I actually have
surprised that it hasn't set up more so
one thing that I could do is rather than
adding more chocolate I'm gonna add
cocoa so I'll leave the sweetness the
same I think it's great
I'll pivot to the wafer these molds came
from a professional pastry place in New
York
it's a one-inch diameter so just the
right size I think for the shell of the
Ferrero Rocher that's without the
coating but basically what my idea is
amazing the same recipe that I use for
KitKat wafer but swapping in just a
small amount of cocoa if I can find that
particular iron that we use to make the
wafer for KitKat cook tiny little
dollops of batter take them out press
the circle into this mold while it's
still pliable and then bake them again
do I think this is gonna work
mm probably not I don't really think
it's gonna work but it might might work
you never know
this is like where appliance is gonna
die okay I think it was white and
plastic oh yeah the Cucina pro he found
it
yay thank you
he's a crap this thing
sort of had a feeling it was gone
forever look what's making a
reappearance do you remember this from
KitKat yeah yeah I don't think I've ever
pronounced this candy I just call no
Rochelle like New Rochelle New York
Ferrero Ferrero Rocher Roche yeah there
you go you want to watch this part
yes here's my idea dab little tiny make
little disks little tiny disks the
batter and then to trim it they push
them in half and then press them in hot
oh you gotta work that and then bake
them again you earn your paycheck yeah
well I'll get the door for you I think
that's good wait lift her up
Oh see this one too much - bah - oh
here's the problem that I was sure I was
gonna have yeah like it kind of worked
but I do have that places where it
overlapped you'd have to figure out oh
no this is above my pay grade you don't
help me help me you'd have to make some
kind of like a bigger circle right and
make like a relief slip or two what I
got relief cut so you can not have
creases I've no idea where you're tied
like if you made a bigger circle and had
like slits cut in it so you can like Oh
Oh God
I want to try baking it to see if the
texture dries out and crisps up
I feel pretty dry I think one of the
problems I'm definitely having is that
they're actually not taking the exact
shape of the mold so I have to do a
better job of pressing them in and the
edge has to be very smooth so that I can
fuse it with the edge of like of its
mate so what I might have to do is make
them a little bit larger trim them a
little bit they're also just extremely
thin
thicker bigger more pressing but overall
I think a really good start
Brad I want to increase the space
between the plates to make it a little
bit thicker you can probably use
aluminum foil I'm not totally following
if I was you uh-huh I would try to put
maybe a little aluminum foil spacer
let's try it that looks pretty good
right
close enough yeah ready it's thicker
this is not really working because it's
thicker it's harder to work it into the
mold the problem is all of the folds I
might have to do what you did yeah yeah
and then do you think one slit is enough
no how many three four no yeah that one
looks really good
let's go in the oven and see here are
those two hemispheres
I haven't trimmed the edges which I
think I need to do all right that is
looking pretty decent
so I taste this one that didn't come out
so well let's see hmm
it's really good making a little bit
thicker like that really does a lot I
kind of want to do a test with just
these two halves and the filling and
some chocolate and just see if the how
the overall effect is hi okay now I'm
gonna work on the filling and then so
great right that's like a perfect
these this is the true this is the
perfect size for the original I'm so
proud of you thanks oh I think we'll be
okay I'm basically going to fill both of
them partially like almost to the top
and then just kind of like dangle them
on top this is my hazelnut chocolate
mixture oh my god you guys had set up so
much with the cocoa
and so this is like a good texture
actually for filling are you gonna fuse
them together with chocolate I need like
a tiny paper some of the like tiny paint
the chocolate around the edge and then
put them together and then dip them I'm
sure we have one yeah okay thanks
Christina all right I'm so happy that
Christina the biggest fan of Ferrero
Rocher I know
approves I'm gonna start to fill so let
me put it up hyping back I'm gonna take
this in the freezer just while I melt
some milk chocolate but these the wrong
halves did I feed Christina the wrong Oh
it's because of the hazelnut damn so
because the hazelnut isn't able to poke
into the frozen half of the filling the
two sides aren't meeting so I'm just
kind of boring out a little space right
now I'm just gonna paint around and fill
in any gaps fingers crossed
looking pretty good I'm gonna put it
into the fridge just so that chocolate
hardens right away and then I'll check
back on it soon okay so here's the
sample it's looking pretty good I'm
pretty happy with it it's almost done
this is everything but the chocolate
shell on the outside and the hazelnuts
this is the bestest ever I've ever done
it was really good it's delicious the
wafer is surprisingly like spot-on that
was a really useful test because now I
know what I'm gonna do
so the Habs with the hazelnut I'm gonna
freeze then put the hazelnut side that's
frozen on top and the hazelnut will be
able to push into the filling on the
other side which is room temp does that
make sense today I'm just gonna try to
make as many shells as possible so that
if it takes a third day all I have to do
is assemble
[Music]
hold on what are the sizes but go back
okay we're only on the internet for some
foil wrappers and maybe even little
paper cups too for the homemade version
that's pretty good right so I have
enough shells to make twenty New Rochelle
balls what I want to do now is I think
take a little bit time to trim them just
make sure there's no like rough jagged
or sharp edges in any of them you can
see we're starting to get some mood
lighting in the background from the
sunset I'm gonna put them back in the
oven to really let them dry out at a
lower temperature and I think I'm
actually gonna do it out of the molds
because I want them to be fully exposed
to the air so that's gonna be the last
step for today
and then once they're out of the oven
I'll put them back in their wells and
the mold just for safekeeping and then
I'm just gonna wrap them with some
plastic and then I think we're on track
for a three day finish I'm feeling
really good I'm excited to just move
into the assembly stage all we really
have left to do is fill seal coat and
wrap
[Music]
frig so here they are they've all set
completely and I'm gonna just start
tipping them one by one I'm gonna use
I'm an idea okay so this will be my
dipping fork I'll try to bend it back
and just stick it back like nothing
happened so the fork works well to help
get rid of that excess and now into the
bowl
this is coated ready to transfer it to
my rack well let's see relative size
it's a little bit bigger overall but
still very very close so so far so good
so I'm just gonna keep going
[Music]
you can't tell cuz I don't doesn't
little you I'm having that much money
but this is the most fun I've had on one
of these shows in a long time
okay that's two four six eight ten so i
fourteen I'm happy with how these look they're
all coated and ready to go back into the
fridge to finish setting and then we're
just onto that final phase of final
coating of chocolate on the outside
[Music]
Thanks okay we're definitely set which
is great so now I need to go from here
to here and that just involves a final
layer of chocolate but a very very thin
layer just to give a little bit of
coverage to the nuts so my process for
this is basically to just use a dab of
chocolate in my palm and to gently rub
the chocolate all over there it is I
think it looks great I'm thrilled I'm
just worried that the final thing like
how it eats but I feel great yeah I'm
that's we're gonna call them what I've
seen maybe a little bit of a high nut
ratio it's starting to look like like a
caramel apple that was not what I
thought you were gonna say I thought you
really they look amazing and perfect
whatever it looks close enough no it's
not the exact your do not bad I'm gonna
put them in the fridge and then but only
maybe ten minutes they do look great
there thank you I'm very happy with him
well look I mean come on it says a
little too much shots up no bread no
that's pretty quick with the criticism
he was just like too many nuts I don't
have to exactly replicate it I have to
make a version that's better so thanks
Bob Brad he's talking about they look
great
okay I mean they're basically set but I
just want to you know five minutes to
cool down and then we'll go then we have
to wrap that that's gonna be fun they've
been sitting at room temperature for a
little while and now they're ready to go
I want them to be room temperature
because I want to make sure that the
filling inside is nice and smooth and
creamy I want to taste it just to make
sure everything came together the way I
wanted it to oh my god it's so good look
at it this is the best thing I've ever
made
it's so good so there's a chocolate
coating
there's the wafer then there's the
creamy hazelnut filling and not in the
center I think it eats very very close
to the original it is much more
hazelnutty in flavor and that's because
of all the places where we toasted it it
is overall I think a lot more flavorful
than the original I'm gonna need the
other half it's a really good mmm
I really wish you guys would try it okay
I have thirteen left so I'm gonna be able to
put them in a twelve pack now for the fun
part which is like the craft portion
what's up Michaels they know me there
definitely the best way is by my time
wow it's just really fun I just love
this kind of stuff I've never been so
proud of myself
Brad oh oh
in honor of you that's my name is
Rochelle bottom looks good yeah it looks
good Wow okay oh good tired shaped is oh
so cute it's
punchier it's so hazelnutty oh yeah see
the nothing I throw purpose yeah oh yes
there's more nuts I think you did a
great job look at the wafer that no way
for I was getting there there's is a
little more airy crunchy right I'm a big
you're diameter it seems pretty or your
thickness seems pretty crazy impose a
spot-on damn fine work there thank you
wait I seriously can't tell is this one
no that's mine
all right you know what the only other
detail besides them you know I'm a ring
I'm gonna ask you to leave okay we
haven't tried the like peeling off the
chocolate yet I really think that's the
true test of hello oh god no now I'm
Molinari brought my coffee so like
that's what I wanted to see like could
that sphere stay intact as you ate
around like the outside layer in it
tasted delicious on its own and I'm sure
it's about to taste delicious there
anything else
Claire
it was so good the wafer is perfection
oh my god thank you like you can hear it
in my mouth
it is shattering like it's taste so it's
light its Airy the salt from the
hazelnut like Nutella things I really I
did yourself play thank you that was
principles I was looking for not really
that was like let me tell you everything
that's wrong with it it's truly
unbelievable
I've never had more fun on one of these
episodes ever New Rochelle wall perfect
I'm insanely proud of these so just keep
that in mind when you taste them proud
of you thank you every day prime myself
takes a meal oh my god good baby
[Music]
wrapping them was fun I know I enjoyed
that part the most oh your hazelnut
split in half nice you know salt yeah
and the filling yeah this is original
this is homemade Wow yeah very proud of
both of those things yeah it's good all
right I feel incredible basically never
been so proud of myself like love the
final product I think it's really
delicious
to the residents of new Row as they say
this is this episode is dedicated to you
I'm excited for the next one so meet me
back here for the next challenge here's
how you make a gourmet Ferrero Rocher or
should I say New Rochelle ball for the
wafers pulse one cupcake flour half cup
cornstarch two teaspoons cocoa powder and
half teaspoon kosher salt in a food
processor stream in three quarters cup water half
cup cooled melted butter and two teaspoons
vanilla extract until smooth type one
teaspoon of batter into Center of iron
cook for ten seconds remove still soft
wafer from iron and punch out a Clerval
using a cutter snip for equal relief
cuts into the circle and press firmly
into one inch hemispherical silicone
mold repeat several times say quakers in
a three hundred fifty oven until completely crisp and
dry let wait for school than trim edges
to make
Speirs for the filling process five ounces
toasted hazelnuts two teaspoons sugar half
teaspoon kosher salt and half a scraped
vanilla bean until a nut butter forms
scrape in three ounces
melted chocolate mixed with one tbsp
toasted hazelnut oil prices so smooth
then stir in two teaspoons unsweetened
cocoa powder let mixture sit at room
temperature for a couple of hours until
thickened and set to assemble pipe
hazelnut filling into shells
gently press a whole toasted hazelnut
into half of the shells then if she'll
shells with hazelnut dab a generous ring
of melted milk chocolate around edge of
each hazelnut free wafer then press the
chilled half with hazelnut onto
chocolate to free the sphere seal cracks
or gaps more chocolate repeat with all
wafers and chill till chocolate is set
dip each sphere into more melted milk
chocolate then roll each ball in toasted
hazelnuts repeat until all balls are
dipped in coated then chill again until
set using gloves roll balls between
hands to quote hazelnuts in the
chocolate let's set again then wrap and
gold foil and place in many paper cups
[Music]
that's what hares you good enough for
government work that's right
no badges weeks though right yeah the
longest in history is it really yes I
went to the park bring my kid to the
park the other day plus there's a walk
on it
you jump fence my first breather first
beating me and the kids breaking yeah
but yeah I don't know it wasn't a
federal park I guess it was run by the
town or so well only federal stuff is
shut down don't go was it a holiday was
it just closed on Sundays that's a good
question

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Pringles | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
so I feel like since I'm holding this
this is my show really yeah it's like in
Lord of the Flies with the conch shell
uh-huh well here yeah exactly
hey everyone I'm Claire today we're in
the VA Test Kitchen and we were making
gourmet Pringles I did you see Pringles
this was more of like an afternoon snack
in school I love the packaging is kind
of like brilliant canisters what did
they say once you pop you can't stop is
that the catchphrase I'm gonna get a
whole one out and show it to you oh
sorry
it exists in like many dimensions it has
this sort of curved structure it's
fairly pale and uniform in color it's
not like a potato chip that has maybe
like dark darker edges or something and
it has lots of little tiny bubbles all
across the surface that's what's gonna
make it seem really really crunchy when
you bite down on it very delicate very
very thin if they don't put up a lot of
resistance it really does like kind of
dissolve into nothing the first thing
that I get when I taste it is salt and I
must sort of taste like oil like it's
sort of like fried flavor in a good way
the flavoring is definitely some kind of
a coating this was the flavor that I
probably ate most sour cream and onion
delicious so good you can find powdered
sour cream you can find powdered
buttermilk you can find powdered white
distilled vinegar once you have the
wafer riffing on the flavors is actually
pretty easy because it's just about
getting those powders
that's like what's brilliant about snack
foods is this like you make one thing
and then there's sort of like endless
variations you can do dry pizza
they do like make me very happy we're
very good because it's curved in two
directions
I want to flatten it that worked
so it isn't oval it's like six point
eight centimeters and five point four
centimeters wide so I'm sort of making a
template all right so there's my
template so these two sides come
downward and then these two come the
other way I want to try hydrating the
chip to see what the texture is of the
paste or the batter like whatever it is
that these are made out of it does
happen sort of like a tortilla like
consistency trying to think how we can
create this shape one way you make
Tweel's or it was a very lacy crisp
cookies you drape them over the rolling
pin actually a really close really
closely fits the contours of this
rolling pin but then of course these two
sides come up so maybe there's something
that we can place underneath and raise
the opposite ends so here are the
ingredients
dried potatoes vegetable oil bread this
is corn cotton C high oleic soybean or
sunflower terminated the yellow corn
flour and starch right so dark on Owen's
like with salt wheat starch and that's
it
rice flour makes sense because rice
flour is like if you've ever had tempura
my flour is the starch in tempura batter
and it creates this like very very light
crispy crunch when you fry it within the
actual way for itself though we know
that it's not that many ingredients the
main one is dried potatoes so I think
this is gonna be a much more about
nailing that shape just to get something
that looks like it because at the end of
the day you have crunchy fried potato
like it's gonna be delicious
so this is gonna be a project that's
more about kind of process and
construction than flavor I think let's
just see what happens when I google
Pringles gene wolf mechanical engineer
author node for science fiction and
fantasy novels developed the machine
that cooks them oh great they were
designed by a chemist doesn't bode well
whoa the consistent saddle shape is
mathematically
is the hyperbolic paraboloid I love how
it's made the house man is the best
thing that has ever happened to this
show it's like sort of like a meal it
did kind of look like maybe it was more
of a dough than any kind of like a paste
or bad or that was like pressed into the
shape so it actually might be easier to
form them maybe I can make some kind of
a cutter to punch out that shape rather
than cut it out we might have oval
cutters in this kitchen oh look there's
the gushers molds I'm so glad you still
have those we have rectangles diamonds
fluted rounds nothing oh wait oh my god
oh my god this is so close I'm just
gonna use this I want to have my
colleagues try the Pringles and give me
their thoughts and possibly if they have
some clues or something like that it's
not like they're taking a potato and
slicing right
it's like composite of like dried potato
and all these other starches it's not a
potato chip it's a potato crisp yeah
they're like a Franken chip okay so
rather than just like make a crispy
potato crisps yeah how do we make in a
Pringle has to be stackable I think
what's so compelling
the fact that it melts in your mouth
yeah it turns into nothing they go
crispy to dissolve like that right
there's something about the way the
shape and the shape of your tongue
you're just washing it against the roof
of your mouth and it crumbles so they
can literally just close your mouth the
crime yeah notice all Oh more like it's
a hyper its what is it it's a hyperbolic
parabolic whatever I remember it was
paraboloid yeah what I'm thinking of
doing is starting with a mixture of
cooked potato bound with some additional
starches and then on some combination of
drying and frying once I have them
forming into those kind of like ovals
I'm very curious to see like how close
we get just from that basic approach I'm
gonna start with one potato because I
think I'm gonna have to add a lot of
other starch nutrients I need the people
with the smallest holes working it
really really lightly because I want
something that's gonna be more tender or
rather than chewy to make a stiff dry
dough I'm gonna add on starch rice flour
and a little salt so the problems so far
that I can see that there's still like
noticeable separation between the potato
bits and the starch but I'm just going
to go ahead and continue to work with
this as a test because I know that I
need an extremely paper-thin dough I'm
gonna use the pasta extruder to roll it
out don't really want to roll through
try cutting out a couple ovals
as soon as I put in the oil it didn't
hold its shape it's already taking on
color it's getting cold in around the
edges going across some of the surface
so already I know that's not what I want
it doesn't have that dissolving texture
it could be more tender and I know that
I'll get tenderness mostly from having
all those little air bubbles in it hmm
I want to see what happens if I add a
little bit of a baking powder to make
those little bubbles and also once I
have it into a sheet but then I want to
get an even thinner I'm probably better
off using something that's not absorbent
this is a Silpat these are these like
silicone baking mats gonna do the same
thing just roll between you so it's not
taking on color that's fast which is
good but it does have those little tiny
bubbles getting these also sort of like
larger bubbles that's something I want
to avoid because that's gonna affect my
ability to stack them the color is not
that different right it look like one
chipping in half really are we done well
tiny Christy oh no I was tender there's
always many air bubbles wait is tender
very close it's very close yeah sorry I
think you in the middle of anything no
it's that second Test felt like weirdly
close as to like be a fluke but I'm just
itis just like keep going until
otherwise deterred I want to try forming
them to see if I can get at least some
kind of shape maybe I won't go for the
when they call it paraboloid but at
least something curved I want to
basically try prying it very very
briefly at a low temp letting it set and
form over this rolling pin and then
frying it again losing its shape
immediately
at least in terms of like shaping them
there wasn't much to be gained from the
forming around the rolling pin or at
least at this point yeah oops what I'm
just thinking I thought of terms of like
a mold crying if you holding it very
gently between these two spoons at least
keep its flat shape
it's really like not that's crispy I
think having it between those spoons
meant there was some moisture loss so I
think I'm gonna try it again
maybe fry it take it out while it's
still pliable put it between the
students and then put it back in the oil
obviously this took on color kind of
according to the pattern of like the
slots of the spoon it did crisp up much
more though which is good this would
quite have that quality of like you
couldn't eat it without chewing to kind
of bite down on it yeah so for
tenderness like more acid more leavening
I put a little bit of baking powder in
it maybe try more yeah yeah too much to
I don't know the tech I mean
no that's like chewy not right alright I
think we're at a good place to stop
today before I continue too far down
using the whole potato I think I want to
start with test tomorrow
using the potato flour that we have and
just seeing where that gets me and then
of course I think the challenge will be
forming them and getting that shape so
we'll see yeah so here we are it's only
day two and they all blur together we're
here bright and early on day two so not
too many people in the test kitchen yet
but we're gonna get started I want to
try using just potato flour it seems
like from the research that this is more
of the product that like Pringles are
actually made from in the factory so
just wanna see what happens when I mix
this with the other starches and add
water and kind of create a dough that
way this is just like an extreme never
like head dough this texture it's just
like so gnarly and not smooth it is
finding out nicely
[Music]
lots of curly but really you guys see
how much it expanded it got huge it has
almost a texture of like you know like a
shrimp chip or something like that just
so so bubbly definitely much more tender
than the versions we tried yesterday
it's actually really good one thing I
want to try is to dock the dough so I
just want to basically poke little holes
all over the place and this will allow
big pockets of air to escape and will
prevent those big bubbles hopefully I
think that will make it work moderately
well it's still got some bubbling around
the edges but I also want to try rolling
one out thinner let me put it back
between the Silpat and roll it through
that's definitely thinner let's let's
see what that did getting up wait I just
tasted the Pringle I was like wow I
never really good job so whoo but I did
do a good job actually really really
encouraging test I kind of guessed at
that hydration and it actually was
pretty successful so I'm going to keep
going with that and I also I'm going to
hold it between the two spoons to see if
that can help eliminate some of those
big air pockets the two spoons have
definitely compressed it but I think
that's a good thing because it's almost
like I was getting too much air in the
chip and actually what I'm getting a
little bit is the texture of the Silpat
from rolling it out it's kind of amazing
it like almost completely dissolves
really that's like Barry Pringle even
very very briefly I actually feel like
here you wanna connect you very good do
you want to compare it to the original
or so at least I feel like this is the
closest I've come to the right thickness
Claire like weirdly close weirdly close
how do you feel well I think I'm gonna
get rid of the ridges because I'll be
the ridges is literally this it's like
the texture of the so I'm just gonna put
parchment in between and keep to keep
roll it out I have to focus on shape now
I was doing a little reading online
apparently this shape is actually
important to the way that the Pringle
itself functions it's not just visual it
also it helps create like a very strong
chip so that when you stack it that
bottom chip doesn't break under the
weight of the ones on top of it I don't
really know that math of it so I think I
need to make a mold and it has to be a
mold that I'm able to put into the fryer
so I have to make it from metal
something that's heat safe this is
flexible and maybe I can create
something out of this we're just gonna
play around for a little bit I don't
even know how to get into this
it is taking on that shape a little bit
just as I work it now I want to take I'm
going to try to use foil to mold just
like the mate to it because the long is
that there's a national inside in
there's room for that liquid to escape I
think I don't think it'll work the foil
it's really not flexible actually new
thought if I can use strips like this -
just like clip the mesh because as long
as that there is meshing on one side and
there's room for that liquid to escape I
think it'll think it'll work for the
first shot some success it does have
that shape the problem with it is that
it doesn't have a uniform texture I can
see where the foil strip was holding it
against the mesh and then any other
places next to it it kind of like
puckered up and and bubbled a little bit
I think you need something full contact
[Music]
all right so here we go it maybe took on
a little bit more color than is ideal I
think the chip itself looks really good
though the main thing is not that it has
to look identical to the original but it
has to look identical to all the other
homemade versions so that we could stack
them but you know what it doesn't have
any huge air bubbles you know big
pockets it actually looks really uniform
what I want to do is really get a bunch
of cutouts and I can describe them all
kind of rapid-fire and hopefully get
like double digits so just going to like
put my head down and get going on that
shockingly close to a pretty ball yeah
like we're there I think it's just as a
pant he has to make a parabolic oh I
sure did
I made out of mesh from a strainer and
then this goes on top
what's the budget like for this series
for you destroy it you know in James
Bond
q like Q a thank you it's kind of Brad
but first of all he's not here and
second of all it's usually not that
helpful
[Music]
yeah those are mine I know right eight
ten twelve okay fourteen finished and
you know some of them I think look
better than others like this one looks
great as compared to the original now I
want to play around with making a couple
of different flavors so we have
distilled white vinegar powder yellow
cheddar cheese powder and sour cream
powder so I have some flavors for you
guys to try battery yeah I believe liver
is so freaking Wow
this is like I can smell the cheddar
powder alright this is the thing Molly
went for like a half buddy yeah my
instinct is like do it whoa the shape is
on point shape is one hundred seven point this is my
question though hmm
if we were to construct a tube would you
replace the little guy with your face
definitely right a little shape layer
there I think it's a little bit thicker
but I really couldn't roll it any
thinner like I was rolling it in the
pasta roller on the thinnest setting
between two sheets of stuff like also in
the factory they rolled under four tons
of pressure so I wasn't quite able to
give them that then okay you I do want
you are completely crazy yeah well they
they make me sick overall just also
meant such a little bit of this cheese
powder
mr Pringle to Pringle overall like not
I think among them like more difficult
things to construct it wasn't quite it
wasn't so much like a lengthy process in
terms of time but it is kind of
labor-intensive to just like hand punch
and fry individually could go like crazy
on the flavor so all the different kinds
of powders and everything but yeah how
do we refuse episode seven
what I'm gonna say I don't know it's
like thanks for thanks for watching we'd
say okay here's how you make gourmet
Pringles combined fifty grams of potato
flour ten grams corn starch ten grams
white rice flour and half teaspoon kosher
salt at thirty five grams water and knead into a
shaggy dough cover tightly in plastic
and let rest fifteen minutes knead again to
incorporate dry bits then pasto to the
widest setting of a pasta roller a dozen
times holding each time until dough is
fully hydrated cut dough in half then
pass each half to roll or two times on
each setting until you've reached the
thinnest possible sheet of dough cutting
each piece in half again as it gets too
long to handle working one piece at a
time and keeping the other pieces of
dough covered pasto through roller again
on the thinnest possible setting between
two cut pieces of Silpat lined with
parchment brushing lately with
cornstarch to prevent sticking so that
dough is almost see-through punch out
ovals using a cutter and repeat process
with remaining pieces of dough fry ovals
one at a time blanching first
at three hundred degree vegetable oil for five
seconds to pop then place it in a wire
mesh and aluminum foil cage shaped in a
hyperbolic paraboloid fry again for sixty
seconds until crisp and lightly golden
then removed from cage pad with paper
towels and lightly seasoned with more
salt repeat with all ovals of dough
seasoned chips with flavoured powders of
your choice that's a record
yeah I did you you did it okay you
crushed it these are amazing Pringles
there you are really good at making
snack foods
thank you can get your own show
[Laughter]

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Snickers | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
yeah it's - like it's - it's like taffy
yeah true okay I'm gonna try again all
right here I'll leave that with you no
I'm gonna call it quits I'm gonna say
that's not the Claire we know I know
that's not the show Oh suck hi everyone
I'm Claire we are in the VA Test Kitchen
and today we are making gourmet Snickers
bars I've had Snickers over the years
mostly in the form of like a little mini
Halloween candies so this is the classic
Snickers bar it says peanuts caramel
nougat milk chocolate so what's not to
like basically one of the things that's
very noticeable about the Snickers is
this ridged pattern on the bottom and
then it has that kind of distinctive
chocolate kind of swirl on top it's ten
centimeters long so inside you see three
main components you have a layer at the
bottom of nougat then you have the layer
above which is a mixture of caramel and
peanuts and then of course the whole
thing covered in chocolate besides being
very sweet I'm very good like really
chewy caramel crunchy peanuts overall I
think it leans really sweet and that's
something that I kind of want to dial
back and the homemade version but like
all the components together so good so
delicious I'm a big fan this is an
almond Snickers the little minis I
really wanted to be peanut this one's
hazelnut I think it's a little bit
overpowering I like the options with the
different nuts and everything they don't
go too crazy on the flavors but overall
I'm just a huge fan of the classics so
that's what we're gonna try to recreate
peanuts all the way so now I want to try
to isolate the layers so that's
interesting the nougat kind of like
separates apparently easily from the
chocolate on the bottom it's a really
thin very even layer of chocolate so of
all the components in the Snickers I
think I'm the most sort of intrigued by
the texture of the nougat there's sort
of an airiness to it
do me a favor we taste this so that's
the nougat does it taste peanutty to you
I feel like there's peanuts in the
nougats
yeah there's peanuts in the nougat right
I didn't really realize that that's good
that's good what can we improve I'd make
it a touch less sweet mm-hmm just
getting that chew factor right I think
yeah hey sugar man I would like better
chocolate if you could find that balance
between milk and dark chocolate maybe a
little bit of bitterness less sweet yeah
it's very sweet the corn syrup keeps you
in the face number one thing is that
caramel pole uh-huh if you pull apart
the halves and you just have the droop
very dramatic uh-huh on its own the
caramel does not have a lot of
complexity I think you can really make a
deeper more complex tasting caramel
really bring out some of those like
bitter notes and the sugar and that will
help temper the sweetness a lot my plan
is just to make a really dark salted
caramel add some butter and try to get
that texture because the texture is key
so now it's time for my favorite part
reading the ingredients milk chocolate
parentheses sugar cocoa butter peanut
orange sugar Houma in black two solvent
artificial flavor pretty straightforward
what I want to do now is go do a little
bit of research see if I can get some
kind of YouTube video of like how
they're made they're asking for money I
do give money of a capilla actually it
was named after the favorite horse of
the Morris family how it's made Snickers
Discovery Channel's good eats according
to this guy if it doesn't have a
squiggle on top it's not a Snickers it
told me what I basically suspected which
is you make the nougat which does have
peanuts in it you make the caramel you
make both into a slab you stack them you
cut them and you come from a chocolate
so that's what I'm gonna do so for the
three main components we have the
chocolate the nougat and the peanut
caramel
I'm chocolate I'm gonna worry about
tomorrow but today I want to focus on
the fillings so we have the nougat and
the challenge with that is gonna be
getting that fluffy texture and then
with the caramel the challenge will be
getting that texture just right so that
it stretches and pulls so I'm gonna
start with the nougat
I'm gonna use the basic nougat method
that I searched and I liked on one oh one
cookbooks by Heidi Swanson gently peanut
butter over here Gabi no there you go
oh I'm caught later I'm holding the
peanut butter oops we basically pour
sugar syrup into a beaten egg whites and
I'm going to whip peanut butter into it
oh those three and two tablespoons corn
syrup let's just go with it
this looks pretty good
it's peanut e which adds kind of a nice
savory element to offset all the sugar
but I do want to whip it a little longer
because I think it needs a little more
air it's a little dense I think I know
what the problem was I added the peanut
butter too early it really does need to
whip and cool down before I add anything
else so I'm still going to spread this
into the prepared pan and just kind of
see what the texture is like nougat it's
not it's not there just taste it well
it's the warm it's too dense like it's
too chewy
that is loz I added the peanut butter
too soon I have to make it again see the
nougat yeah I wonder if you get like
flashbacks what else did we do or you do
that was uh it's not supposed to really
break apart but it works so this really
does aerate the mixture you have to pull
the nougat I don't think that's the
direction why what if it but if it were
no gonna be taffy it's only tag isn't
set yet tell yourself that obviously
this is very it does have that kind of
like Laffy Taffy texture I do know that
with at least cooked sugar you can pull
it and that will aerate the mixtures it
is however extremely stuck to these
gloves I can't what do I do
I need to really boil up those gloves
this is a classic example of me not
starting over fast enough now I'm gonna
keep going so I've already invested time
it's like when the subway is ten minutes
late and you're like well I've already
been here ten minutes so I'm just gonna
wait longer and twenty minutes later still
hasn't come do you think it looks
fluffier no what do you mean no
why not because it just looks like
you're stretching it but it looks so
much lighter in color than it was before
which means it's so look see it's a
little lighter and it's more like
crumbly you know it's like flat fluffy
stars with my feet started alright when
do you think I'm done with this alright
I think I'm done okay so I want to just
roll it into I don't even really care
what the shape is just something that's
an even thickness so gonna set this
aside and cover it with some plastic and
then I do want to check back on it later
once it's had some time to set up it's
still a little bit dense so I'm gonna go
ahead and mix up another version of this
and I'll adjust the method so that I
don't incorporate the peanut butter
until the very end when the nougat is
room temperature and has had a chance to
whip for longer even though I haven't
added the peanut butter the egg whites
have deflated on their own I think
actually part of the problem is that see
the recipe calls for I think more sugar
than the egg whites can handle so
tomorrow morning first thing I want to
get another batch of nougat going and I
have to go home and kind of think about
the proportions and come up some a
different basically different recipe and
then I want to pivot and move right into
the caramel because both of those
components need to set at room
temperature before I could put them
together and then even move on to the
chocolate stage
all right so a little time has passed
it's been four days I came out a little
light flew I can't say that at least
we've given the nougat some sufficient
time to set so I want to try this out
caramel taste anything so it's sort of a
pointless exercise actually I do I do
kind of taste the peanut flavor with
peanut butter surprised it's not stay
here though yeah it's just not doesn't
have that fluffy texture that it needs
and I'm gonna use the recipe from this
book all right so this is that French
style nougat with honey this is a
different proportion and a slightly
different method sugar water corn syrup
honey egg whites and vanilla and then
we're gonna add the peanut butter it's
not really working as it's like setting
too fast I met it to rewarm it so this
will hopefully bring that mixture
together I overcooked the sugar now it's
setting too hard let me just Pat it down
into a prepared baking sheet it might be
okay
and it does feel actually nice and light
and airy so it might be okay I truly
can't taste anything it's kind of
pointless I think it's gonna work I hope
I'm just saying that because I need it
to physically I don't feel good at all
physically I would but I also can't be
home any more I can't be home in bed
boring alright so now I want to move on
to the caramel while the nougat sets I'm
making a soft chewy caramel so it's not
just sugar and cream and butter we're
using some corn syrup and also
evaporated milk this looks pretty good
it all depends on what the texture is
when it sets same thing with the nougat
so it's a waiting game for these two the
next thing will be putting them into
these molds that I have that even has
sort of like that slightly irregular
exterior that the snickers has so the
next big challenge after nougat and
caramel is tempering the chocolate
this is the caramel that I didn't pour
into the pan with the peanuts but it
does sort of have that nice stretch and
pull which I think it's gonna be really
important the nougat has firmed up to
the point where I think it's too firm I
just want to make one more batch and I'm
gonna cook that sugar mixture a little
bit less sort of looks like a crumbly
mess it does feel really nice and fluffy
so obviously it's a really thick layer
of caramel that'll have to shave down so
that it can fit in the mold
the nougat layer looks pretty close I'm
actually very happy with the texture of
the nougat it has some airiness to it
and winter breasts half of this mixture
back on top that thing of this whole
episode is boring this whole episode is
not dramatic try the nougat I might pass
out before I get to the chocolate part
but okay okay hope really is that a
viable plan pop it back into the fridge
for a few minutes and then I'll take it
back out and we can start cutting those
slices to fit into the molds okay this
feels good nice and firm so here is that
center piece overall I think the
proportions look good
I think the nougat is like just the
right texture so I'm glad we did it
again in some ways I wish the caramel
itself were a little bit darker it'll
had a little bit of a deeper flavor I'm
gonna put them back into the to the
fridge while I temper the chocolate I'm
gonna do a little refresher on top of
tempering temperatures so my plan is to
use fifty fifty dark chocolate and milk
chocolate I'm gonna use something called
a seed method I know that this is this
is harkening back to the KitKat episode
there's still so much seed chocolate in
it oh this is supposed to set within two
minutes I think so
so a bar of each set aside for seating
then I'm gonna chop the rest and start
melting it all right so we're right at
the temp add all the sea chocolate so
it's basically it is the evening it's
night no one's here Kat Cadden Gabi are
here thank God
eighty six so I'm gonna take it back off first
I'm gonna do a little bit of a test on
this piece of parchment to set and dry
so best-case scenario is this chocolate
it hardens perfectly it has a nice snap
worst-case none of that happens the
chocolate is out of temper but I'm just
gonna go with it no matter what so it
doesn't really matter if the chocolate
isn't in temper then it's not gonna pop
out of the molds so that's a big concern
of mine it is like watching paint dry
what are we making again has it been
three to five minutes really no I don't
like that I'm not hair I'm making I'm
moving forward all right not not too bad
this isn't not temper chocolate I have
to say unfortunately no
it's very hot in the kitchen right now
so that could have a lot to do with it
but I want to put these in the fridge
just to see if we can get them to pop
out of the molds and then we might have
to just try again on another day but
it's not coming out of the mold so that
confirms what I thought which is that
it's not tempered hopefully more left to
me next week when I'm not killing you I
will eat pretend like Friday never
existed because I was like in the throes
of my illness and don't really remember
like what went on here in the kitchen
you know what let's just I should start
over and just be like that never
happened it's day to just eliminate all
that film I'm saying a little more
energy today I'm basically gonna start
over
I want that caramel not only to have a
more robust bittersweet caramel flavor
but I want it to be saltier starting
over why because I was in like a Friday
was like a fever dream no I think I just
told myself it was good it was no there
were a lot of problems did you wait did
you try it I don't even remember
the teaspoon of flaky salt flavor-wise
it's excellent pivot to the nougat
oh my god I waited two seconds later out
that's looking really good the new cups
set nicely it's pretty firm I love the
flavor very peanutty and the texture is
chewy and firm but also really
satisfying so I'm just gonna go ahead
with it so I want to just warm the top
of the caramel and then press the new
get into it it smells like campfire now
this goes into the fridge I pop this out
it feels nice and firm I have to say
these I think I look pretty good I think
your proportion is really nice I'm gonna
chill these and then I'm gonna move to
tempering the chocolate it must be cool
to eighty two one thing I'm gonna do differently
this time it's just stir to incorporate
the C chocolate and then let it sit for
two minutes but that was two minutes
eighty seven oh my god okay I feel like it's set
yes okay it's set I'm just gonna go for
it
okay that's really my heart was racing
on that okay oh I didn't grease the
molds it's not good I forgot to grease
the molds oh I really hope they come out
god it was going too well I'm just gonna
keep my fingers crossed and get them in
the fridge I did Google do you have to
grease chocolate molds and most answers
said no so I feel really heartened by
that who tried having them out and see
Oh God
best thing that's ever happened to me
well they look perfect should I love the
pattern they kind of made to on the
surface so the overall proportions I
would say obviously there was a thicker
layer of chocolate
hmm really good it's very chewy I'm
really happy with the textures of the
fillings it's much much less sweet than
the original
we that was part of the goal so I'm
really happy about that I like the
pattern chocolate molds no it was the
molds no I know what you want to be seen
on anyway thanks well it's took me three
days to make it snicker so yeah this is
definitely not too sweet I know their
flavors fantastic huh great the only
thing that really leaves out is that
proportion yeah I think the best thing
is it looks right so that's all that
matters if you don't cut into it what
are you about to drink is that a protein
shake
okay I won't make fun of you these are
delicious
they're so chewy right really chewy I
would say overall like there is a lot
more chocolate yeah so that I mean I
think the trauma is a little
overpowering yeah a lot of crunchy
textures
snappy chocolate yeah well doesn't have
that weird thing where it like like
pulls it almost gets to like that it's
ready meat floss yeah yeah I think that
if I left the peanuts and larger pieces
where there'd be like more caramel in
between it would do that Jared you want
to try a piece of homemade Snickers
enjoy you like it yeah it's very thank
you
there's a lot of work not never doing
this again like overall they're sort of
like endless tweaks that you can make
and yeah I would change a couple of
things but I'm satisfied with where this
ended up so I consider that that's a win
here's how you make a gourmet Snickers
for the caramel combine one and half cup
sugar quarter cup corn syrup and quarter cup
water and in saucepan and stir over
medium heat and dissolve bring to a boil
and cook and wash the down sides with a
wet pastry brush until mixture turns a
deep amber slowly stream in one cup
clubs two tablespoons heavy cream followed
by five tablespoons butter and half a
vanilla bean cook until mixture reaches
two hundred fifty then pour caramel into a bowl and
folding crushed peanuts work peanut
caramel across bottom of a loaf pan in a
thin even layer set aside to set for the
nougat bring ninety eight grams tiny to a boil in
a small saucepan cooked to fifty Fahrenheit
in another saucepan combine one hundred twenty one grams
sugar of forty nine grams water and nineteen grams
light corn syrup and stir over medium
heat to dissolve bring to a boil until
mixture reaches two hundred eighty Fahrenheit meanwhile
with nineteen point six grams
egg whites in a stand mixer add a pinch
of salt and slowly sprinkle and five grams
sugar and whip to firm peaks when honey
hits one hundred fifty slowly stream into egg whites
slowly stream and sugar syrup when it
comes to temperature but nougat mixture
is around one hundred forty Fahrenheit beat in one cup
peanut butter that's been warming in a
double boiler scrape nougat onto a
baking sheet and let cool work a
rectangle of nougat into a thin sheet
about three millimeters thick cut with a
knife to fit the dimensions of the loaf
pan or on top of caramel with the torch
and press nougat onto table of caramel
and chill to set invert loaf pan and cut
filling into seven and a half by one and
a half centimeter bars chill temper of a
piece of dark and milk chocolates using
the speed method pipe chocolate into
candy bar molds then press bars and
filling cover tops of our support
chocolate chill until set and invert
molds and tap sharply on the counter non
vult yeah the circus the Big Apple
Circus which is currently in town King
there's no animals there - so a Cirque
du Soleil so leaving Sun in France arm

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Instant Ramen | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
you guys are tasting Petrosyan caviar
and and I'm gonna eat some instant ramen
okay save yourself
okay I'm not bitter alright I'm it's the
devil hey everyone I'm Claire we are in
the BA Test Kitchen and today we are
making gourmet instant ramen Brad isn't
Italy right he's not here okay well I
won't have any help making like my own
extruder or anything like that that's
okay
I wonder if it helps or hurts so instant
ramen was definitely something that my
sisters and I would make like for as an
after-school snack but it's been a very
long time since I had any of it I'm
curious to taste it now and then figure
out like where I can improve and make
something that still feels like it's
true to the instant ramen with the brick
and the little flavor packet but is
hopefully a little better tasting
thinking about the different flavor
options I immediately went to chicken
cuz that feels pretty classic makes two
eight-ounce servings I definitely ate an
entire thing myself that was not too
surfing
hilarious ed it says two servings so you
can see it looks like it's kind of been
folded over into this brick I definitely
kind of got like a whiff of that fried
like kind of oil oil aroma I think the
inside of the noodle is more of a bright
white whereas the outside is a little
bit yellow and that might come from the
frying process I'm not sure the
experience of eating the noodles
versus like dried pasta are very
different would dry pasta it's like so
hard with these noodles you can tell
that they're fully cooked because they
kind of dissolve when you meet them so
obviously this is like extremely
concentrated with a lot of salt in it
half of a block has eight hundred and
thirty milligrams of sodium
so that means the whole thing is seventy percent of
your daily salt intake it's very yellow
so chickeny sort of not really lots of
that like umami flavor it's what you
taste in soy sauce or mushrooms like
this very sort of savory flavor
essentially where I think I would go for
this
and to no one's surprise like I would
use a dehydrator basically making a
highly highly concentrated chicken stock
and then dehydrate it and grind anything
that's left to a powder with the noodles
I think it's gonna take a little bit of
researched I'm gonna go ahead and make
them according to the actual cooking
directions Rob really oh yeah
these soften and hydrate in the water
and then it becomes these curly very
bouncy noodles that'll be a really
important thing I don't want the noodles
just turn into mush when I add the
boiling water salty it's certainly not
like a really clean tasting chicken
flavor it's a good food like I get it
there is some elasticity still like they
don't just break apart so even in its
curly form that's sixteen inches in length
but if I stretch down even further it
would be pushing eighteen inches in length
that's really long I think there's a lot
of room to improve in the broth with the
noodle it's gonna be more about trying
to match that texture Chris you don't
mind please join me what do we have to
maintain and what can we improve right I
go for more chicken flavor yes should I
fry it in schmaltz yeah well we're gonna
try let's get all that ooh mommy
okay thanks Delaney all right my
favorite part and a very informative
step reading the ingredients enriched
flour and the few wheat flour palm oil
contains less than two percent Otto lies deitra
castor act disodium guanylate guys - I
know - I so dominate idea what that is
drier like eglee sugar TBHQ and then
parentheses preservative sweet Wow who
would have thought conspicuously no MSG
who do we have msg I'm definitely on a
msg to my version and now I think would
be a good time to go to the computer and
see what I can find about particularly
the noodle process
the dried noodle block was originally
created by flash frying cook noodles and
this is still the main method used in
Asian countries for the air dry noodle
blocks are favored in Western countries
I still understand what is an air fryer
it loses like a big microwave that might
be a possibility so there are three key
ingredients in wheat based noodles wheat
flour water and salt the optimal amount
of water is thirty to thirty percent of
flour weights this is gold this is great
information
okay so there's something called con
Suey if I'm saying that right it's an
alkaline solution consisting of a nine
to one ratio of sodium carbonate to
potassium carbonate which contribute to
the springiness and chewiness
characteristic of ramen I don't know if
we can get that but maybe we can make it
to make it basic run have a great idea
try adding a little bit of a baking soda
solution to reduce the acidity make it a
little more basic look at this one
amazing okay that told me something so
working the dough is one way to develop
gluten this whole research process is
very very helpful okay so the plan is
work on the noodle try to get a shape of
texture that I like and then tomorrow
will be a day where I focus on making
that flavor packet and then hopefully
putting them together tomorrow or Friday
I'm a little bit concerned about like
getting that wave in the noodle but
that's like more cosmetic a bigger
concern is just that the noodles had the
right texture and that they dehydrate
properly and then reconstitute without
falling apart I have a vague idea of how
to do everything it's just I'm sure
they'll be like lots of twists and turns
along the way I'm going to start with
about five hundred grams of bread flour and then
I'm gonna measure all the other
ingredients in proportion to the flour
by weight they go well in the center and
dump in the water this is just so stiff
and dry maybe thirty to thirty eight percent hydration
is too low for like a homemade version
I'm just gonna keep adding a little bit
of moisture don't look over here Chris
don't don't look at this
well I've looked on the internet and
Wikipedia said the dough's that they use
to make the noodles are between thirty and
thirty eight percent hydration turns out and try
to make them yourself with King Arthur
bread flour it's like nowhere near
enough water I said like five times like
the last time I mean that's it I think I
just don't want to do this anymore
it's loosened up so finally I'm going to
form it into a ball wrap it in some
plastic and let it rest and I'll come
back here and try to roll it out in twenty
minutes or so I have the hand-crank
pasta machine and Rhoda just showed me
that attachment that cuts strands every
Ridge that will that's represents at the
width of a noodle and it looks really
close this has softened nicely actually
so I'm gonna start to sheet the dough
and then use this attachment to cut them
into the thin noodles I'm gonna go ahead
and try to cut them runner does it
attach it must attach here there must be
a piece that attaches it so I think it
attaches like this hmm there's no piece
huh
I think oh it just sits there while you
feed it through oh please edit that out
the dimensions of these really good so I
want to just cook these and test that
texture there they have that turret
bouncy chewiness that we're looking for
well first of all under cook them but
they I mean look they had hot see any
stretch so thirteen seconds was not enough let
me try the full thirty this time
I like really good the curl no I do not
I think I'm gonna have to physically
create the wave like a little closely
ridged rack yeah a lot of people are
saying stuff like this I don't think
that anyone's pulling on it through so
the idea is to take little groupings of
noodles poke them through this is
terrible idea yeah maybe some kind of
poking device oh no that's not really
gonna work I think what I really need is
something to set on top of it that will
thread them through actually these are
better but I want to at least set them
side-by-side
Vidia is to fold this over and have it
be about the same shape I'm really it
took so long working is there an easier
way to do this I wish there was
something that was like this same shape
but the reverse that you could like well
this is I could put like this bar gets
in the way oh I see you're saying what
am I saying
okay okay I have have an idea okay I
need something flat in long and heavy to
press down on either side of these
skewers I need like a soldering iron I
want to cut off the ends of this rack so
that I can just weave the noodles in and
out of these spikes it's hot irons that
right hey Emile I want to cut off this
edge of the workers this might work
we're robbing a bank and then you just
the most important thing is the noodles
yay bread them like so oh wait how do I
fold them though wait you guys I know
but I have to fold them okay so what I
want to do before I go home is finish
forming and leaving all the cooked
noodles that we did and then I'm gonna
leave them in the refrigerator overnight
uncovered I don't want to dehydrate them
fully because I still want them to be
somewhat pliable tomorrow so that I can
fold them into that brick and then
tomorrow we're gonna try forming them
frying them and then the real test which
is like soaking them and rehydrating
them okay give the nice Sun feather
background and it's very chef's table
right
I feel pretty good about yesterday - the
part where I needed pasta go for like
one hour actually my arms are a little
sore
so I went to check on the noodles and
see how those are they've gotten pretty
dry I think I might still be able to
fold them into this kind of like brick
shape so overall I think it's like not
too bad if I need to come up with a way
to kind of fit it into like a mold that
I can fry it in they need something
basically square I like that you know my
drawing
but we have those skinny ones can we do
it to those or what if we just cut it in
half and then you have two halves and
you just put the two halves together
yeah as the cage I want to just rinse
these off to get rid of any of your
cards of metal and then try to fit the
noodles I wanted to just fry these until
the bubbles kind of stopped I apologized
to the Test Kitchen for basically
destroying their supply of cooling racks
okay obviously it took on a little too
much color these noodles here in the
center are still a little bit soft
I didn't fry evenly Wow clearly what
you've done is this really gonna like
rehydrate I don't know that's what we're
gonna find out I'm very worried it's
like what's really happened I think it's
all yeah it does because if you just
took the noodles and like it's not right
nope but they're total mush maybe
cooking the noodles less on the front
end
I can try steaming them and then frying
them at a lower temperature oh I need to
talk to Brad
there's mushy and like greasy
should I try air frying them see what
happens there's just the question of
like the middle
you know alkalizing at the noodle make
it more out alkaline it it has
mitigating you know that's right in
terms of like just going out and we
could try baking the baking soda which
increase increases the alkalinity
apparently baking turned sodium
bicarbonate which is baking soda into
sodium carbonate I'm hoping that by
using more of the baked baking soda that
it just helps the noodles themselves
like retain their texture so this has to
rest for a little while longer if out
i'll try rolling on like a half an hour
i want to get the stock started that's
important and i gotta let that go for
several hours so the plan is to build a
really honson treated chicken stock with
all of these aromatics in it strain it
and puree into it some solids so once
it's dehydrated i'll add in some msg all
right so this dough has been sitting for
about an hour I'm going to roll out to
test portions so one boiled one steamed
and then both air fried until dry to
just see if there's a really noticeable
texture difference
[Music]
that's a little bit I have no idea
how this thing works oh wait there's a
looking at the top cooking guide uh I'll
do three hundred for just a couple minutes and
then I'll turn it down back to two hundred and
go for the remainder of the time they
really crisped a lot I think maybe the
steamed ones got a little browner
certainly both got browner than I
intended so next time have to moderate
the temperature a little bit and
continue to cook them longer in the
airfryer this time I should cover them
with like some plastic so the noodles
really hydrate so the stock has been
going for about an hour and a half I'm
going to take out some of the aromatics
that I want to puree strain the rest of
the stock and then start reducing it
again how many minutes has it been
literally no one said anything these
have been sitting here but I got so
distracted with the stock it's been like
ten minutes
god I've overcooked them actually
actually
the boiled ones are not bad it'll bounce
yeah you got a little definitely a
little more elasticity this time than
before even with overcooking the noodles
great that's what I love to hear maybe
I'll do one more test but first I'm
going to blend this mixture it's really
thickening so this is that stock that's
reducing like rolana adapt the flavor
[Music]
this is what who can't have solid food
yeah it's a dull baby food
it's a dull baby food how big how big is
the market for that I think it's a bad
business idea if I took that a shark
tank they'd be like absolutely I love
shark thing I'm gonna dehydrate this and
then and then pulverize it but I'm gonna
also add then like msg its kind of
underseasoned yeah my concerns about
this are the following one that she's
not gonna fully dry
- there's ingredients in here like sugar
and collagen that aren't gonna want to
fully dry we're just gonna see I'm gonna
put them into our you might notice as a
different dehydrator okay that's one hundred forty
time or eighteen hours let me just recap so
with like rotas help I had the rest of
the noodles we blanched them all drained
them and then toss them with a chicken
fat that we had so they all they look
great I'm really happy with them so far
my goal before I leave tonight is to get
everything dried and then just kind of
like ready to go for tomorrow let me see
if I can even kind of start to get these
all loose going in parallel lines
and now I'm gonna put that in there at
the lower temp so I'm gonna do ten
minutes oh not at all dry I turn it to
two hundred I'll check in in five minutes do a
seek similar
they are getting there but not there yet
it's getting crispier I think look it's
getting the point where things are
really winding down I'm exhausted I'm
gonna address this stuff tomorrow we're
just gonna notice laps and plastic on it
and put a very long day of shooting
I actually feel fine but I do have a lot
to do when I get home so I have to
conserve energy so okay I think
absolutely many minutes I think we're
there they definitely got kind of brown
but in a fairly uniform way okay so you
can you see the fold definitely the
color it's a big difference this is much
darker yellow or and kind of browner are
you doing the air fryer yeah I don't
have the wave no it doesn't the way blue
here's the way I'm so glad you said that
because I don't we're gonna do a quick
boiling water test the chicken meat and
some of the aromatics isn't it smell
chicken ease all right don't forget
about it like I did last time okay
are they cooked I think if you cook them
in water like look actually boil but I
think you're like I think it's gonna
work like it's kind of chewy yeah if you
boil that in like boiling water like in
a pot like probably thirty more seconds
right have a good they were lightly
coated in schmaltz I think you're like
close really almost there okay good I
agree with Christina and a meal maybe a
little bit of like a brief boil just to
really fully cook the noodle and then
take it off the heat very
about this whole like dehydrating
chicken thing we'll know tomorrow and
hopefully put it all together under
experience to see how the stock has been
dehydrating okay guys I think this is
really good
you can see it's totally dry I think
that I can grind this into a really fine
powder in the blender the color has kind
of a nice golden here to it I think it
looks great
this is msg it kind of gets a bad rap I
have no problem with msg and it does add
like such a great umami flavor to things
so I might do a salt msg combo because
MSG is seasoning but it's not salty the
way salt is salty I think that's good
now I'm gonna add in the chicken base
you can see it's like definitely not
dissolving mmm it is like chicken soupy
I'm gonna put this in the blender to
just make sure everything dissolves and
then I want it first to taste it Wow
chickeny right very chicken can you need
more salt yeah yeah maybe I'm gonna add
a little bit of celery salt and then
maybe other like a red chili flake
overall let me just back up this yeah
pretty impressive oh thanks yeah I've
crushed red pepper flakes garlic and
onion powder celery salt and turmeric
cuz like why not I'll make it a little
golden I really like it I think it's
good you like it less
is it just too much I think a little bit
is good tiny bit is okay it's also like
you actually get texture a little gritty
okay I'm gonna grind everything together
like really fine in the Vitamix all
right you exactly what Chris said okay
so definitely grinding it into that
really fine powder helped a lot it
tastes really good
time - now finish dehydrating all the
noodles that I have left I know we did
this thing for a reason so we have this
vacuum sealer you've probably seen Brad
use it a lot so I can kind of try to
make my own little bag one for the
seasoning packet one for the noodles
[Music]
this is yours yeah yeah this was that
very first one and I put in its own
little container this is the one that I
wove into the wires of that rack this
one obviously looks really nice has some
wave definition in the noodles I think
that when it cooks up its gonna look
really great Carla you want to taste
some instant ramen in like two minutes
it's important that I dissolve this into
the mixture first because it doesn't
dissolve as easily as the stuff in the
package immediately it smells great
they're absorbing water which is then
flavored with that mixture so it's
giving the noodles a lot of flavor in a
good way
honestly though it is such like a chewy
noodle and the soup tastes really really
good so I'm feeling top in Oh Chris
oh hi Molly Rome is here for the weaving
yeah funny color really so this is the
one that we're saving for the beauty
this is one where I I wove the noodles
so you got you get you get that look it
might be a business idea how much you
think won one thousand dollars oh yay thanks guys if
this was on how it eats it all right
this is the three day instant noodle
takes three days of tape to make it
right
uh-huh
is that in episode we can look forward
to really that's it that's a wrap here
is how you make gourmet instant noodles
for the noodles serve two hundred eighty grams water ten
grams close it salt and five grams baked
baking soda until dissolved place five hundred
grams bread flour in a large bowl and
create a well pour water mixture into
oil and need to combine cover with
plastic and let rest one hour at room
temperature roll out dough a portion at
a time using a pasta roller then cut
into thinnest noodles possible boil
noodles for one minute in a large pot of
water transfer to an ice bath then toss
with half TSP chicken fat Brian an air
fryer at one hundred eighty Fahrenheit about twenty minutes
for the stock heat a few tablespoons
chicken fat in a large pot at four pounds
chicken wings and cook for Brown add one
cup cooking wine cover with cold water
then add onion a carrot a large leaf
celery stalks garlic dried shitake
mushrooms
bouquet garni black peppercorns turmeric
ginger quarter cup OSS and three tablespoons
white miso bring to a boil reduce to a
simmer and drain stuff into a smaller
pot and reserve about three cups solid cook
stock over medium high until about a
half cup remain blend ballads with
reduced back to a smooth puree spread in
a thin layer onto baking sheets and
dehydrate for eighteen hours at one hundred twenty Fahrenheit
break sheets into pieces and pulverize
to a fine powder in a blender for the
seasoning package combine brown
dehydrated powdered stock and this gene
was resolved ground turmeric brown
crushed red pepper flakes ground white
pepper of celery salt brown garlic
powder and onion powder in a blender and
blend until finely ground measure out
into portions to creat seasoning packets
bring two cups water to a simmer whisk in
seasoning packet until dissolved
add noodles and cook for one to two minutes
remove from heat and serve immediately
for you in the market place in the
market like if this were my business as
I said already I watched a lot of shark
tank
ok fifty bucks yeah

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts to Make Gourmet Sno Balls | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
how many of these do I need finish do
you think to be like I did it how about
five I like it like the way you think hi
everyone I'm Claire I'm back in the BA's
kitchen and today we are making gourmet
snowballs we took a little break but
we're back I've actually never had this
really classic hostess snack a snowball
but I'm excited to try it
our goal today is to recreate the pink
version these are coconut and
marshmallow covered chocolate cake with
creamy filling okay I don't want to be
overly confident but I think I think we
got this it has this really kind of
bouncy marshmallow coating it has a thin
layer of very small dried coconut and
then when you turn it over you can see
that the marshmallow coating doesn't go
all the way around the entire thing is three
and one eigth inches in diameter total it has
sort of a flat top so this is just the
marshmallow coating so it is like this
cloak sort of that goes over top of the
cake I think it's a little dry doesn't
taste like chocolate the cream filling I
basically think is the same as the
marshmallow on the outside but with less
gelatin so it's less set it's a little
bit more like spreadable the name yeah
snowballs if there was ever something
that I think you would like to be able
to nail yeah pretty I don't say easy go
- no I know but like you do this for fun
yeah there's something really fun about
like the bounce to the marshmallow
oh it's delightful I can't believe you
like this every time I think I know you
you really surprise me
the cake is also kind of dry right
because a dry track I don't like that
okay
the cream two in the middle is like almost
nothing right right right sugar the cake
has like no chocolate flavor really
there's a real drying quality
actually has a really nice yeah
it's dry right Brad was like I like
about it's dry but no one likes dry cake
nobody like strike right it really does
fit almost exactly into the bottom of
like a standard muffin tin so I think
I'm gonna use that devil's food cake
recipe for the chocolate cupcakes I did
okay stay tuned time for my favorite
part of every episode where I read the
ingredients ingredients water orange
sediment we deal our all right there in
sulfate or Regina tomorrow night right
look at hoping that high fructose corn
syrup contains two percent or less and
it is a long list shortening oh my gosh
how are our times
hey this is the longest word we've ever
seen carboxyl methyl cellulose all one
word mono calcium phosphate coatings
contained blue FD and C Brio everyone
marmalade for alo sixteen for my viola lively
that was a mouthful oh wait a minute how
hostess snowballs are made from
unwrapped Food Network I think we should
watch this no it's done fascinating so
the cakes are on the conveyor about as a
marshmallow is extruded in a sheet that
really covers the cupcakes like a
blanket so that that's a good that's an
interesting tip I'm gonna think about
this in its elemental part so first
we'll do the the cake and I'm gonna use
this devil's food cake recipe that I
developed a couple years ago we'll bake
it in the muffin tins
then there's the marshmallow I'm gonna
use the same base recipe for the outside
and the cream filling but I think the
cream filling will just have less
gelatin so it won't be as firm then the
third element is the coconut and I think
what I'll do is do you hydrate the
coconut overnight and then have some fun
with making a natural food coloring out
of beets
I'm gonna print out the devil's food
cake recipe and start there first I'm
gonna bloom my cocoa in espresso and hot
water and then I'm gonna put it together
with a method called reverse screaming
you start with all your dry ingredients
plus a portion of the fat and liquid
already in the bowl it just produces a
more level cake
then divided into my pan and bake it a
little tap all right so these stuck not
super successful next time I'll try to
do a more substantial layer of butter
and then a really nice generous flour
coating this is the hostess version our
version but overall I think it's a
really nice size and looks really really
close to the original great texture
looks like super tender it feels like a
very moist chocolate flavor I think I'm
gonna decrease the leavening a little
bit because to try to get it to settle
down a little right I'll do another
batch I also want to work on my coconut
mixture because I need the coconut
before I can put the marshmallow outside
together so I'm gonna be careful about
unmolding them this time
but there we go I think they look great
nice flat bottom top food chocolate
flavor so I'll let these cool we'll rack
them up and save them tomorrow when we
come back time to open up these coconuts
so just really whack the hell out of it
all right well this one's pretty run
this is the problem with whole coconuts
especially like in the Northeast they're
usually pretty rotten you have to face
oh my god Chris
alright okay take two whoa okay that's a
pretty nice-looking coconut
I don't usually know what it is it's
like the coconut okay okay great
I see I see oh there we go okay great
all right well we'll be here for a few
minutes perfect put these in the
dehydrator in the meantime I want to get
my food dye going so here I have these
nice little beets
I'm going to just peel them and puree
them strain it reduce the liquid and
that's gonna be our food coloring the
cakes are at a good place the coconut is
dehydrating with the food colouring I
have to figure out how to dilute it I
was thinking maybe using vodka or
something that's not water-based because
I don't want to add moisture back to the
coconut after I've dehydrated it but I
think overall a pretty good day one oh
that is dry I kind of want to look at it
next - what are these called snowballs
again I get it think about it so I think
the size of the pieces actually looks
really really close tastes super
coconutty before I attempt the or Chanel
coating would be to work on the filling
we're trying to think back with Twinkies
how what we did with the filling and I
think for that we ended up with a
buttercream I'm gonna use a Swiss
meringue buttercream it's looking really
good and I feel like I'm getting a lot
in there oh my god
[Music]
let me look at this again so this is
marshmallow it's just so not delicious
Italian meringue buttercream which has a
sugar cook sugar syrup pour it into the
egg whites is very stable at room
temperature so maybe that's the best way
to go
[Music]
it's really good
obviously the homemade version is a lot
yellower because we added butter maybe I
want to move now to the coconut and try
to start getting that color right where
we don't were we talking about this yeah
it's really good
yeah Gillian Flynn wrote that she wrote
gone girl she with the novel anyway
sorry I lost focus the last time I use
this machine the only time I use it was
so this is that food coloring that we
made yeah yeah the compressor but then
we air it up with aged how you set the
PSI rear what does that mean okay so
that screws on yeah it does so now I
thought to bring anything I did it
through cheesecloth means to be finer
okay so let me get more let me get like
several layers of cheesecloth coffee
filter cool yeah okay clean this thing
your spray gun everybody knows that you
know just as important as purchasing
tools is maintaining this all be a
lesson learned
I'm add at this point everything about
me no this is to get out you can I mean
look I really kind of screwed it up
because there's all these little
sediment or sort of beep solids all
right red it's it's filtering should I
be mixing it with like alcohol or
something that's not water that won't
hydrate the ten this thing run out
probably probably liquid wouldn't it be
fun if we did like Malibu
that's right with the coconut oh it does
smell like coconut if anything you've
ever done well that works amazingly well
it was a lot of fun thanks for your help
it's time to fill the cakes so there's
about a scant teaspoon of the cream
honey weigh about a teaspoon of its
filling five grams gonna try and fill it
and hopefully get five to seven grams
the cake itself started to crack I think
maybe a better idea but to actually
physically create a little bit of a
space for the cream so I'm gonna use
this apple corer I know I know this has
butter in it so it's yellow nobody said
it had to be the right the same color
Oh clear piped butter and only butter
it's got great flavor good I don't feel
terribly beaten down because everything
is pretty much worked the way I want to
do too so that's great I do think that
in some ways like the hardest part is
gonna be the last part which is trying
to figure out a way to enroll the cakes
with the marshmallow my idea is
basically to type circles of the
marshmallow over top of the coconut and
then invert it over top of the cakes
this does more or less fit the cake that
we've made this one is really more like
ten centimeters and it's maybe stretched
out a little bit so I'm gonna shoot for
nine
so I have a marshmallow recipe that I've
used before that's from David Lebovitz
that uses egg white but also some light
corn syrup not high fructose and gelatin
and then I want to use just the back of
a spoon who try to spread it into one
even layer this is not really working
week try again okay that that maybe
worked let me go ahead and do the other
ones no I didn't really Center it that's
a freaking snowball five ever seen
Thanks
I think I'm gonna give him another
coating of a spray but it has to yeah
they'll set even more I'm gonna try one
more thing the problem is that the the
marshmallow is really set pretty firmly
so just as a Hail Mary with the
marshmallow I had left I piped
everything out over top of a layer of
coconut into this kind of rectangle and
so I'm going to try to basically just
punch out these circles and see if I can
cover the last few remaining pieces of
cake
they're ribbed you know at least we used
up the rest of the marshmallow and the
rest of the coconut so that's okay with
me
we're at a good place we're really close
I'm gonna throw some plastic on these
let them set overnight at room temp so
that tomorrow hopefully we get that same
kind of bounce on them on the
marshmallow and then Brad and I will hit
them with the airbrush again and then
we'll be ready to taste it's day three I
feel like we're basically done maybe
give them another coat of that food
coloring so there's that cream Center
that we piped in yesterday I'm happy to
see that it did not absorb into the cake
which is I guess something that happened
when we were working on the Twinkie
episode oh my god the cream like
disappeared it's gone it's really good I
think this is one of the best tasting
ones of the whole series you know what I
liked about it it's a little bit salty
from the buttercream on the inside but I
think we need a little more just uniform
pink color around the sides to get the
overall effect I'm gonna play around
with the airbrush gun because Brad kind
of hog did yesterday so oh yeah the hue
is actually even closer than I thought
it would be so I think that improved the
color a lot I think it's neat like that
we achieved that sort of unnatural
looking color but with totally natural
ingredients and no artificial food
coloring right amount of marshmallow
yeah it's quite nice cake is moist and
that great point I'm happy that the
filling is like nice and centered inside
did a great job thank you great job
Claire thanks Brad here we see can see I
just love that like you've got a cake
that like actually tastes like chocolate
mm-hmm there's a lot of cocoa in it I
only have to talk to you for one thing
you like yeah I agree with you so good
yeah it's just like perfectly moist
hours thanks way more delicious Thanks I
would it's like all things I like
chocolate cake buttercream marshmallow
coconut so what could what could be bad
all right so I can't say that snowballs
were like a nostalgic part of my
childhood but I had a lot of fun
recreating them
the parts came together relatively
easily and I'm super pleased about that
I also think of all of the treats in
this series that we've recreated this
might be in most ways like the most
delicious ones thanks for watching so
happy to be back and come back to the
next one here is how you make a gourmet
snowball to make the coconut coating
open to coconuts and use a coconut
grater to finally shred the white flesh
spread out on baking sheet and dehydrate
overnight combine Malibu and reduced
filtered beach juice on the chamber of
an airbrush and used to paint coconut
pink set aside to make the cake with half
cup cocoa which is hot espresso then
whisk in two eggs and vanilla paste until
smooth with one cup cake flour half a cup
granulated sugar half a cup light brown
sugar one tsp baking powder one teaspoon
kosher salt and half teaspoon baking soda
add one stick butter six tablespoon butter
milk and one tablespoon vegetable oil beat
on high until mixture is light and
fluffy up then add cocoa mixture and
beat until better at silky and smooth
and divide batter among the cups of
muffin pans that have been thoroughly
buttered and floured baking the
two hundred seventy five-degree oven invert cakes on a baking
rack and let cool completely use an
apple corer to bore it to centre of
cakes set aside cake for the filling
softened half teaspoon gelatin in one tbsp
cold water
combine half cup sugar and two tablespoons
water in a small saucepan cook over
medium stirring until sugar is dissolved
then bring to a boil meanwhile beat three
large egg whites a pinch of salt and quarter
TSP cream of tartar in the bowl that
stand mixer until frothy sprinkle in two
tbsp sugar when sugar mixture reaches
two hundred forty five Fahrenheit remove from heat and stir
in some and gelatin slowly stream
gelatin mixture into egg whites and feed
in two sticks butter then beat in a
pinch more salt and one teaspoon vanilla
paste transfer to a piping bag and pipe
buttercream into void inside each cake
then replace circle of cake removed by
apple corer to create a plug for the
marshmallow softened two packets
granulated gelatin in a half a cup cold
water set aside
combine one cup sugar one third of a cup corn
syrup and a third of a cup water in a
small saucepan cook over medium stirring
until sugar is dissolved then bring to a
boil and clip a candy thermometer to the
side meanwhile beat for large egg whites
and a pinch of salt and until stiff
peaks the sugar mixture reaches two hundred forty five
Fahrenheit slowly stream syrup into egg
whites I continue
hi Belle gelatin over low and stream
into meringue transfer to two large
piping bags place a greased round cutter
over parchment paper and sprinkled
inside with an even layer of coconut
then type a quarter inch thick round of
marshmallow inside circle remove cutter
then use a thin metal spatula to invert
circle of marshmallow over top of a
filled cake work down and around sides
patting more coconut into any bare spots
let's set at least four hours or
overnight covered the long one yes bread
nut
well coconuts are coping coconuts are
the seeds of the coconut juice the seeds
are in the Apple the coconut is the seed
right wait someone's got a fact check
this

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts To Make Gourmet Twizzlers | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
yeah if you had to ask them on what this
was they would guess this is they make
Twitter lawyers guys hey everyone I'm
Claire we're in the BA's kitchen and
today we are making gourmet twist lers
so it's been a minute since I've had a
twizzler
but I do like them a lot so twizzler is
licorice it's firm it's a little
stretchy has this shiny appearance this
is the classic so it comes in these sort
of lengths of rope with this kind of
twisted and texture on the outside but
it does kind of have a flat surface on
the bottom and also it's hollow on the
inside if you when you were a kid did
what did what I used to do which is like
cut off the two ends and try to drink
soda through the Twizzlers a straw
we know that it's hollow I really like
using and isn't evidencing flavor of any
particular fruit although I think that
it is cherry Beth it's a strawberry it's
not really tastes like strawberry I'm
gonna taste the black licorice right
this is the original it's good that just
intense herbal flavor of the anise kind
of balances out like the sugar
I just love how chewy they are I love
the pullin peel I just like love playing
with my food doing and doing that it's
so good I love it this one screams to
call orange creamsicle it scent appears
to be filled you can see that don't you
really like this one I think we have to
start with like the one point oh version and
stick with the classic I'm gonna start
with attempting red Gaby what is it
about the texture that we have to aim
for I wish it was more together looks
like it stayed in one piece isn't it I
don't this have to be Hollow it has to
have those little crimped pinches yeah
crucial okay it's gotta be hollow inside
I've earned keep saying that
well hello you're eating pizza you got a
can of coke or you got Twitter you got
straw like that I'm just gonna pretend
like a no one saying hollow because I
don't know about that most important
they have to do there's one person I
think who loves Twizzlers more than
anyone and that's my mom
my mom
wait uh yeah you're on camera just so
you know I'm gonna try to bring you some
Twizzlers of the homemade variety do you
think it has to be Hollow okay good that
was the answer I was looking for okay
I'll talk to you later okay bye
but first of all what what are you
talking about with that texture
she's like it's soft and creamy and it
melts in your mouth I was like are we
talking about the same thing time for my
favorite part reading off the
ingredients corn syrup enriched wheat
flour flour niacin ferrous sulfate
thiamine mononitrate riboflavin and
folic acid sugar corn starch contains two percent
or less of palm oil salt artificial
flavour mono and diglycerides citric
acid potassium sorbate
preservative artificial color red forty
sulfur dioxide to maintain freshness
mineral oil soy lecithin glycerin it's a
lot of ingredients you know the
Internet's always a good resource so I
want to go see if there's any recipe
videos or any footage from like the
Hershey factory of how they're made go
take notes okay wheat there's wheat in
it which is absolutely fascinating I've
never known a candy that had flour in it
so that's super interesting the sugar
mixture and flour and the flavoring
that's all cooked together initially
it's extruded and then it's cooked again
or dehydrated twisting every inch
interesting
I have to first focus on what the
flavoring will be first I'll start
concentrating fruit juice to puree I
might try a combo of cherry and
strawberry the shape we do have a pasta
extruder that we bought for previous
episode and only is once and it kind of
failed
they all got smushed so I'm gonna get
that out and see if there's a shape that
would even kind of remotely approximate
this twist
I don't know high hopes but that's
that's a plate where I'm gonna start
so I'm going to basically use this tart
cherry juice to cook down some of the
strawberry think I'll strain it it's
good I'm gonna try to get away from corn
syrup so I'm going to use brown rice
syrup butter sugar flour y'all food
coloring look at the color it's not that
far off right it's starting to firm up
pretty nicely so I want to make sure to
start extruding it before it gets too
hard but quick taste I got some issues
but I just wanna try shooting it I made
macaroni I made macaroni out of licorice
textures not right flavors not right
nothing nothing is right it just doesn't
really have any kind of notice the bulb
through flavor at all it's too firm but
I might have to cook it less change
around the proportions of the
ingredients we'll meet back here
tomorrow and try a bunch of different
variations one thing I will definitely
add today is citric acid which I think
will really help bring out a lot of the
fruit concentrate that we made yesterday
I have strawberry inge and cherry oils
I'm just gonna add a drop of each I do
want to experiment with using gelatin to
achieve that texture and I think it
could work really well
[Music]
great you know it's definitely a lot
softer than the texture of the Twizzlers
I'm ambivalent about the gelatin
definitely taste the fruit texture wise
it's not there gelatin is not the right
texture for Twizzlers right all right
maybe ditch the gelatin and instead use
corn syrup you know although it's more
process than brown rice syrup I just
want to try it and see what it does for
this not working really the flower it's
lumpy didn't smooth out I want to cook
everything together none of this adding
flour at the end or the gelatin or
anything any eye burning we do the exact
same thing and cook everything together
except for the flour while I'm waiting
for this mixture to cool I'm gonna try
to pipe these out and kind of see what
happens give a little taste it doesn't
taste like Twitter Lars but that's not
the point we're just going it really
feels like I got nothing done and made
no progress this I rolled out by hand
these I piped this mixture is quite soft
still so I'm gonna put it in the
dehydrator just to see what happens
overnight I'm really curious my mom
she's gonna be really mad if I don't
bring her something so I better figure
it out so we're gonna check on the two
batches that I left overnight these have
they're still pretty soft they are even
still softer than these so today I'm
gonna really try to dial in the firmness
and also try to work on shape here's I'm
thinking none of these disks is really
the right shape so maybe
like a pastry tip we can kind of
MacGyver our own shape she's gonna make
it sound like a real nerd nice to do
like a lot of Wired jewelry making when
I was a kid those skills are really
going to come in handy let's try it
Oh Oh No hey stop yeah I busted through
the opening i'm just comforted to know
that this whole sequence is gonna be
like twenty seconds long in this video
because I would be bored Brad would not
approve Brad would be like Claire what
are you doing mmm I love jasmine tea
you changed it because this doesn't work
disorders used to be straws when I was a
kid the opening is closed so make any
sense
time to go cook that mixture again okay
so this time around maybe just trying
the extra flour Wow let's try it what's
happening now the color obviously from
all that added flour it's not where it
needs to be so I have to add back in
that red food coloring I think they're a
lot cooler you know I try to drink my
iced tea out of one as a straw and I
don't I think they'd change the formula
because doesn't work they're like one
side is like totally closed anyway here
try it try one of these little nubs
they're like two flowery tasting oh
sorry
our director keeps telling me that I
just tell people what they should think
when they try something instead of
letting them form their own opinion it
has that little chalkiness to it yeah
like the flowery chalky like the flavor
just seems a tiny bit dull at quarter of
like that is drag more of a fruit punch
to that fruit punch okay it's fruit that
kind of punch I'll consider it
I'm so it needs to be firmer it's not
quite there yet
I think what I have to do to achieve a
firmer texture is cook the sugar a
little bit hotter cook the flour more
keep it over the heat to try to get rid
of some of that starchiness
[Music]
so we're gonna go for it if we've gone
this far might as well go what is it
take it into the end zone I called an
audible sir all the things brad has
taught me we're gonna try to extrude
yeah hmmm
whoa oh my god okay Kevin why don't you
say what's happening they they're
looking good there's still too soft
unfortunately that flat side right there
is kind of similar to what happens on
the Twizzlers coming off the conveyor
belt it doesn't kind of spring back the
way does the Twizzlers do it's a lot
chewier so I'm happy about that I had to
just cook the sugar hotter we made some
progress today I feel good about that
and hopefully we'll nail it on Monday
so have a good weekend yay I'm really
reinvesting in this project and doubling
down because now we have the glue gun
here's what's happening this is the
piece that comes straight out of the
extruder so I was going to try to hot
glue a skewer right down into the knotch
feed through the end of that nozzle tip
so that whatever they screwed it has a
hollow Center but I think I'll also have
to create a bar going across this place
too to kind of stabilize the center so
that it's not like off to one side
[Music]
I can't believe that this is gonna be a
video people care about this is this
whole thing really there has to be a
better way to do this oh I like this
Reagan making a little drill auger to
drill out the hollows
what I'm sorry we're gonna use layperson
terms odd little skewer to the like
turning piece and then I made my own
diet so see this piece I cut into it I
wrote it this is too big with this
thinner one through it yeah Claire
really wears the kind of a careful young
drill that why don't we drill a hole the
power of Christ compels you we're really
pushing on this bamboo getting very
brittle of fibers in it but a little bit
of pressure do that extruding machine
are you paying it I hope I'm trying to
order lunch you can you drill through
metal yeah let's go let's use a metal
skewer oh yeah all right come back in
like five minutes
great
hey Brad you want to be around for this
oh it's coming it's coming
are you ready it's looking kind of
hollow Claire wait Fred oh yeah careful
careful
okay snip snip and then Latham you're
doing a really good job okay all right
we have to immediately soak this because
the sugar is gonna hurt don't try it yet
already yeah but don't touch it what are
yours I'm coming out yeah I think she'll
lose but I'm not that worried about that
because the twins alert is in like look
at the twizzler well don't look at that
end but like one of the ends is like
sealed Brad you want to see this print
do you say no no thanks
you've got the nice little braided
ridges pretty good Claire you're
brilliant thank you that you've any idea
how much that means to me yes this is
day for you it already is so much
chewier than the last time less starchy
yeah I'm happy you're already with the
texture it's getting pretty twizzler e
yeah if you get that texture firmed up
it has a little bit of that bounce to a
little bit of chew snap that whack
finish you did pretty damn close Eric
they're great so I'm gonna make one more
batch and let these chill in the fridge
and we're gonna come back and check in
like let's say in like an hour video
process do you put it right what are the
homemade Twizzlers it's a little tiny
little limb
full sauce really the other batch was
better Thank You Ruby
uh-huh this feels wrong yeah you sure
these are the right ones so we go down
and check out some others
yeah yeah this one these are better try
that good try that but snot that chewy
right there's still no hole okay well
though all right
they're never they're never gonna be
Hollow thank you the flavor of these is
red yeah because it's it's kind of a mix
and that's true it's great to think it
has a nice chew and then they're ridges
yeah did you get out of spaghetti
machine like a Oh Carla like a pasta Oh
Carla we that was involved so anyway
yeah so I didn't quite nail this one the
way I nailed Oreos but I learned a lot
along the way had a lot of fun with the
hot glue gun this one's a wrap it's okay
four days is our cutoff says me here's
how you make a gourmet twist ler sort of
cook down two cups unsweet one hundred percent cherry
juice and one pound fresh hold have
strawberries in a large saucepan until
reduced to one cup of liquid strain and
let fruit concentrate cool sift one hundred
grams bread flour into a medium bowl set
aside in a medium saucepan combine one hundred
grams sugar fifty grams corn syrup a
quarter teaspoon each natural cherry and
strawberry extracts and a hundred grams
fruit concentrate cook mixture over
medium high heat stirring to dissolve
sugar bring to a boil and clip a candy
thermometer to the side of the pot cook
to two hundred forty Fahrenheit brushing down sides
with a wet pastry brush immediately add
flour two tablespoons water and quarter TSP
red gel food coloring and whisk
vigorously over medium heat until
mixture is thick and glossy transferred
to a greased surface and let cool until
mixture is firm to the touch and hold
its shape extremes of the pasta
attachment of a Kitchen Aid sprayed with
nonstick cooking oil and fitted with a
custom die and auger use the hot glue
gun at some point try to make them
Hollow but it might not work
trim to six inch lengths and place in rose
on a rimmed baking sheet lined with
grease parchment paper
twist Twizzlers lengthening ropes then
trim edges with a bench scraper let's
sit at room temperature until set
I'm going home on Friday I have to bring
one to my mom she's gonna be like this
is garbage somethig this is not taste
like a twizzler you failed me
I'm sorry I'm sorry mama

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts To Make Gourmet Oreos | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
are you over whirring it's gonna go
straight into your windpipe though this
is the most fun I've ever had one of
these episodes hey everyone I'm Claire
we're in the BA's kitchen and today we
are making gourmet Oreos a lot of you
requested that we attempt Oreos and I
couldn't be happier because I love Oreos
it's very nostalgic it's part of my
childhood
there's red velvet a mint mint cream
jelly doughnut no no seriously
today we're definitely going to be
focusing on the classic which is really
unbeatable two chocolate cookies
sandwiched around a cream filling smell
really good
the diameter is four and a half
centimeters and the height is a generous
one centimeter so this Oreo in the center
it's kind of ornate that leads me to
believe that they're like punched out
using a mold or using a stamp of some
kind when you twist you can see the
cream comes off on one side of the
cookie and not the others that was the
thing of like licking the cream off of
one side which is kind of gross and I'm
not going to do that so the cookie has a
great snap to it it's it's very very dry
the filling is pretty firm every room
temperature also an indication that
there's no butter in it it's truly one
of the most perfect snack foods ever
invented if I want this to really take
me back to childhood I need milk so I
like to dunk the Oreo in and leave it
there for a little while to soften mmm
so good
and the little chaser this this
definitely brings me back any Oriya that
doesn't have the chocolate cookie is in
trouble because I think it's the
bitterness of the cocoa that helps to
balance out everything I am really not
looking forward to trying me jelly
doughnut mint I don't just like it Carey
it has pop rocks in it it's starting to
pop it's still popping hold on well I
wouldn't take any of these flavors over
the original Gabi how do we make a
gourmet version I hesitate to say better
than the original I would say we are
ingredients good chocolate is it even
possible to improve on it it's really
just like powdered sugar flavor well I
think I'm gonna start with the cookie
and get that in a good place and then I
can kind of play around with different
combinations and different ingredients
in the filling time for my favorite part
besides eating them reading off the
ingredients here's what is in an Oreo
unbleached enriched flour the seed flour
is reduced iron I Amin moderate vitamin
Bible against vitamin bullets at close
parenthesis ROM and or canola oil
parentheses process alkaline so
leavening this is baking soda and or
called box of chocolate artificial also
contains wheat and soy and that's it I
think salt is probably gonna be very key
I think that salt kind of helping to
balance out the sugar okay we're gonna
go over to the computer so I can do a
little research and look for mold so
that's a very good illustration of the
pattern Oreo cookies are popular with
people that have certain dietary
restrictions such as vegans as the cream
filling does not use any animal products
oh wow there's so many different
varieties lemon ice Oreos in Japan Japan
gets all the best snack food flavors I
love this on
oh it's actually a white one cute little
kid oh my god
I'm gonna use a recipe as my base recipe
is a very famous recipe called world
peace cookies pie Dorie Greenspan who is
an amazing cookbook author and Baker
they have a very crumbly tender texture
I think it'll be something kind of
approximating the Oreo he uses cocoa all
the right stuff so that's what I'm gonna
start and kind of use that as a baseline
for the first iteration I'm gonna take
all my dry ingredients stir those
together cream together the butter brown
sugar and white sugar and salt
incorporate all the dry ingredients roll
it out into a slab chill it cut circles
bake them off and we'll evaluate oh a
meal try it warm
I get very impatient it's black cocoa
yeah I know
our director tried to order a cookie
stamp from Etsy that could be
personalized and he tried to put my face
on it then it had to be shipped from
Latvia and at some point I found out
yesterday at three o'clock that it it's not
it wasn't coming tastes pretty good
right it's over from our balance and has
much more cocoa flavor and a saltier oh
yeah see how they spread a little bit I
think if I add more flour a little
spread less cool I really like the way
these taste ABO just tastes like
I mean one option is doing a mix of
regular Dutch cocoa and the black cocoa
it might be more of that like chocolate
flavor you know they're very good right
basically nailed it alright so tomorrow
I'll try again making those changes and
then we'll attempt the cream filling
it's day two for Oreo I feel really good
I went to Michael's which is my favorite
store and I found this which is food
safe silicone putty for making your own
mold so I'm gonna make my own I'm gonna
cast the mold from the actual Oreo
itself Michaels were accepting
sponsorships I love your store if I may
interject yeah kind of crumbly you know
so here's what we do I watch the YouTube
video okay it works so once you have a
uniform color the team needs to roll it
into a ball you press the putty onto the
cookie and it should apparently pick up
like good detail okay hey Chris guess
what it worked
look at the definition yeah look at the
detail well hold on it do you think it's
cheating she because like we're using
Oreos to make Oreos whatever no one said
there were rules
hey good okay perfect so I'm going to go
ahead and do the remainder and now I'll
pivot to making another batch of dough
for the cookies for this round I'm going
to cook the water out of the butter up
the flour to half cocoa powder half
black cocoa include the vanilla this
time that's it you can see the
difference in color
I'll get the rest of these in the
freezer try to pop them out pretty oh my
god
it looks perfect right that's incredible
right who knows what'll happen up for
baking okay
I haven't baked it yet but get a load of
this you I feel like you should be more
surprised Wow
so yeah I mean literally you cannot tell
the difference
No so these are frozen I throw them just
like this and then I popped half out and
I'm gonna bake them and see how they
fare just on their own free form and how
they fare in the mold themselves okay
Wow Wow Wow
so I really am quite surprised at how
little they spread and it lost their
shape so now I'm really curious about
the ones in the mold the edges aren't as
sharp that's for sure definitely from a
local standpoint the freeform cookies I
think are better so has that nice snap
actually they're so good you don't look
at these waited breathless I made them
yeah Chris and I made them this yeah I
went to Michael's you mix up things
they're good right they're so good they
brown butter on them they bake gold is
the salt yeah really good for every
every five episodes that I like pull my
hair out again what is the words a lot
easier whoa that's really good chocolate
levels nice yeah good yeah very happy
with the cookie my task now is to make
as many cookies as I can with the
remaining dough so that tomorrow I can
move on to the filling part rodas
helping me thank God made you wrote
[Music]
overall I'm really happy with the way
these look delicious we'll meet back
here tomorrow for the filling and we're
going to put together a little Oreo
sandwiches all that's left to do is work
on the filling I'm gonna use refined
coconut oil and then I might cut it with
a little bit of ghee it smells really
good it smells nice and buttery I don't
want it to necessarily taste a whole lot
like butter so I can kind of work with
these two and try to different
proportions and then really just mix it
with some powdered sugar I think the key
is not really working it's so sweet hey
um you know because there are another
ingredient that I can add that will just
help cut the sugar what about just cocoa
butter because white chocolate is like
cocoa butter and sugar with other cocoa
solids taken out but just using cocoa
butter so not adding sweetness great
idea thanks a meal the fats are
separating this is a huge mess
[Music]
are you picking up that InFocus it looks
great actually I'm really happy with the
texture here it's actually pretty good
it tastes like more than just a mix of
fat and powdered sugar tastes very good
oh good I made a little happening you
can do the turn the twist
no one said at the beginning of that was
part of it
oh I'm worried about the milk test
can I get fifteen seconds on the clock so
nervous my my heart my heart's beating
fast ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
all right it didn't fall apart
hmm okay I'm not worried
mmm really good
which ones are the real that's what
that's what I'm asking you
so obviously these are the
higher-profile they're a little taller
yeah slightly less definition try to do
a twist really no I'm really nervous
about the twist there's really nervous
that means it definite really easy
release they're like flavor-wise this is
just like are you okay in a good way
uh-huh yeah that's exciting it's not
coffee true I feel like that was the
most positive review I've listed from
you in this whole process Chris is by
far the toughest critic in the kitchen
Brad's more binary of like you did it or
you didn't do it Chris leaves all the
shades of gray
we might take this upstairs we're gonna
go in uncharted territory for this
series
I believe I about oh in the filling
cocoa butter
thank you someone else wants to have
milk for they cook the egg one Debbie
needs red wine okay one floor up I think
it's a perfect filling texture mm-hmm is
it a good food the texture of the fifty
this place is really hard at work you
only gets one yeah these are homemade um
do you like a little napkin or something
leave it on the boss's desk I hadn't
sort of famously doesn't even like sweet
so who knows I don't even eat it fine
you want to try the Oreo yes these are
homemade try it try it try it
[Music]
Thanks I put a lot of salt which ones
are real which ones are the ones you
made these are all homemade are they
yeah the cookie part is a little crumbly
but I think you might that might improve
it because one thing I don't like about
Oreos is like that fun that could be
like too hard
mm-hmm he's a more tender yeah um Carrie
do one half of an Oreo cookie it's a
it's a homemade Oreo cookie yeah yeah
enjoy everyone's still here in the
kitchen it's two thirty it's only Thursday we
didn't have to go over a weekend I feel
probably the best I've ever felt after
taping one of these episodes gonna be
riding high until we can do the next one
and all my like confidence tanks so
thanks for watching
here's how you make a gourmet Oreo to
make the cookies sift together one cup
all-purpose flour half a cup bread flour
three tablespoons black cocoa two tablespoons
plus one teaspoon Dutch process cocoa half
teaspoon kosher salt and half teaspoon
baking soda cook two sticks butter over
medium low stirring until butter
sputters and then Browns
stur over an ice bath until butter is
room temperature way out a hundred
fifty-five grams of butter and beat
along with two-thirds cup granulated
sugar and quarter cup light brown sugar
in an electric mixer beat in one
teaspoon vanilla then add dry
ingredients all at once then mix on
medium until all dry ingredients are
incorporated firmly press nine grams of
dough into a homemade food grade
silicone oreo cookie mold freeze mold
solid about ten minutes pop out cookies
and place on a parchment lined baking
sheet they cookies from frozen in a three hundred fifty
oven until crisp all the way through fourteen
to sixteen minutes let cool completely before
turning over half the cookies to make
the filling melt fifty grams for fine
coconut oil and fifty grams raw cocoa
butter created on the small holes of a
box grater and a small saucepan over low
heat let cool to room temperature then
combine in a medium bowl with a hundred
grams powdered sugar a generous pinch of
kosher salt and one teaspoon vanilla
extract meet with a hand mixer until
smooth spread out filling between two
layers of parchment paper to a thickness
of one eighth of an inch chill for a few
minutes then punch out circles that are
slightly smaller than the diameter of
the cookies freeze until solid then pop
out circles and place on top of the
upside-down cookies but come back to
room temperature before placing the
remaining cookies over top and pressing
gently to adhere yeah perhaps I hear
today
but this whole wheat breads missing out
on Oreos does take too
[Laughter]

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts To Make Gourmet Lucky Charms | Gourmet Makes | Bon Appetit
and need that lucky tums yeah how much
should I charge per Bowl five hundred dollars a bowl
yeah totally everything sucks this Brad
would say hi everyone I'm Claire we're
in the VA Test Kitchen and today we're
going to make gourmet Lucky Charms
[Music]
before I say anything we're going to eat
all of these Lucky Charms none of this
will be wasted I was not allowed to have
sugar cereal as a kid so Lucky Charms
was a rare treat it's been quite a while
since I've had it and it's quite
delicious I have to say so I have
different kinds here
a chocolate variety which I didn't know
existed limited edition which has all
four leaf clovers in it and then these
bowls are just the classic marshmallow
shapes so there's heart stars and
horseshoes clovers and blue moons
hourglass when did that become one
rainbows and tasty red balloons the
easier part of the challenge will be the
marshmallows because that's something
I've made before and I have some idea of
how to do that I think the bigger
challenge will be this cereal part
obviously they're not fried they're
puffed through this like industrial
process that I won't be able to
duplicate here I'm really have no idea
what these shapes are this is an X what
is this this is it's like fish shaped
each of these is about a centimeter in
diameter the inside has very very tiny
air bubbles that's making it so light I
think as a kid I really underestimated
how good the cereal part was I can kind
of tell from the flavor and slick
exterior that they've been coated in
probably like a sugar solution to make
them a little sweet it's just so crunchy
like there's no chew at all
okay marshmallows very clean cut the
color goes all the way through so it's
not like sprayed on the outside like it
was in the skittles so these are
marshmallows but they're not fluffy and
they're not squishy they are you know
totally dehydrated and dry and crisp
it smells don't just smell sweet I don't
know how it's just got it it just really
tastes like sugar hey Molly
once I saw these in the office
a box disappeared yeah what's going on
Molly's station what does the gourmet
version have to have to like keep that
nostalgia factor and like what could we
do better I think I would just flip and
reverse the ratio of marshmallow Oh to
cereal I was going to try to really
execute the the classic marshmallow
shapes but the cereal shape seems less
important right right yeah kinda shakes
are you it might be O's just like a ball
no no no as far as a cereal component
goes my goal is to create something that
has the same lightness and crunch as the
Lucky Charms cereal maybe with a little
bit more oat flavor as far as the
marshmallows what's most important
clearly is that I retain the shape and
colors of the marshmallows much more
important than a cereal because like no
one remembers that where the cereal
shapes are but I remember the
marshmallow shapes time to read the
ingredients ingredients whole-grain oats
sugar hillock flour corn stay on a fied
cornstarch salt sodium five oh five red forty one
acheron artificial flavoring indices
mixed toko those are all C's added to
preserve freshness vitamins mineral
calcium Sargon I are on a vitamin sodium
at Levi niacin and vitamin B or
dachshund
highlighting for riboflavin be one in my
mama table but I'm in b twelve vitamin D
that's quite a lot there's some meat on
those bones I have some some things to
think about we're gonna go over to the
old YouTube and see what we can find
about how these are made it's delicious
right
I've talked about the show how it's made
before great show
here is clip of an episode they had on
oat cereal so this is like kind of a
jackpot so it's making like a stiff
dough it looks like from the oat flour
and like whole cooked oats with that
YouTube video showed me about the cereal
is that it's made from whole oats and
wheat flour but I'm gonna do oat flour
and then it's extruded through a die I
had her producer order this KitchenAid
pasta extruder attachment that makes all
of these different pasta shapes so I
might choose one of the large macaroni
die
this one for basically extruding little
circles and then cutting them off in
making those a shapes I'm gonna use
steel cut oats which are the whole oat
grain they're really nutritious I might
grind this up even finer to kind of make
like an oat flour and then I'll cook the
flour into like a porridge this is a
ghost town right there's no there's
nothing happening in the background
small episodes already gone up it's so
boring ready kind of nervous
okay nothing came out nothing is
happening
one hundred twenty what's happening they all got
smushed it's not holding together in my
head this worked perfectly I'm switching
out the dye I'm just gonna try rigatoni
I managed to cut off one little ring it
would probably be easier to do this by
hand I'm gonna go to plan B I'm going to
try punching out each individual little
Oh okay so before I waste any more time
I'm gonna try baking these off just to
see what happens because I'm curious I'm
going to try microwaving this one the
actual microwaves might be such a
powerful heat source that it might pop
them nothing happened I don't think is
gonna pop yeah fail okay so the
microwave one did not really puff but it
didn't explode it mostly just dried out
and got kind of hard you know it's
really bad fingers crossed for the ones
in the oven okay so these didn't set a
timer so I don't know how long they were
in the oven or they kind of just cracked
a little bit they really didn't expand
much at all really not not tasty at all
it's like a really bad cracker texture
is not right flavor is not right so I'm
gonna take a couple days to think about
how I can produce something that has
that much airier crunchy or texture and
we'll come back in a couple days and
definitely triathlon cellos too so I had
some thoughts I'm gonna make a batter
that's a little bit looser and then I
can dehydrate it and it will maintain
its shape but it'll just lose all the
water I may use my flour mill my
favorite tool in the whole kitchen which
I'm so excited about
there's certainly a lot finer I'm gonna
do a lot of baking powder this time the
first thing I'm gonna try is baking
these they just kind of look a little
sad and they're definitely not dry
enough they're kind of gross I have a
feeling that if I bake them and then I
dehydrate them I might really have
something these don't look too bad do
you want to see some dehydrating them
more sugar there's definitely vanilla
this was a mistake I the flavor is wrong
I want to quickly kind of put together
another patter because it kind of just
tastes like raw oats and not a lot else
I want to toast the rest of these oats
since I start to develop some flavor oh
okay I feel really encouraged by this
they really don't taste that good they
are kind of gross I might add a little
honey some cinnamon vanilla extract
[Music]
this has not been dehydrated but just
tasting it for flavor with a little
tastier right emil haven't been
dehydrated yes they taste done pretty
good but pretty different I now have the
honey simple syrup so my hope is that
this is gonna give them some of that
shine oh they definitely look shiny I
think that the shininess is gonna help
people move beyond the association with
dog food taste them and let me know what
you think what you hate things like dog
treats like you don't know why have you
tasted that he hasn't eaten a milk-bone
I used to watch my friend's dog and I
think never have I ever
I'm just really trying to get away from
the pet food associations maybe what I
should do is swap in just refined white
sugar for the date sugar I think I'm
gonna grind them a little bit finer
why is it so liquid I don't understand
why is it so liquid this looks better
than wet cat food
I feed Harris's cats with wet cat food
it's really gross my Instagram is all
food I don't really do selfies oh let me
ask these happens save me
call for help it's definitely not worth
it
mission when the original tastes pretty
good and like just have a bowl of that
what is the line what is the world did
you grow up with this
I had a gerbil it wasn't a good
relationship I'm gonna put these in the
oven ten minutes oh my god they got so
dark
did I leave these in for too long it
kind of burned them did I bake off a
version with the white sugar already
that's why that's why they burned it's
cuz the white sugar I'm gonna taste it
crunchy kind of good try it it needs to
dry out more - it's all oat flour what
was that face I burned them kind of
that's like on the crunchy side not that
crispy side you know what I mean yeah
yeah what's the difference between
crunchy and crispy crispy implies that
there's air and it's a list right right
right G implies that it's a denser like
hard on your teeth that makes sense
so mmm these more airiness I I'll get
rid of those I'll take the golden ones
and I'll do hydrate them and see what
happens
I agree with what Delaney said it's sort
of a density issue that I'm happy to
figure out sort of another way to get
more air into it maybe tomorrow I should
start with the marshmallows and then I
can kind of return to the idea of the
cereal
so I want to check on the serial from
yesterday so it's so hot in here and I'm
sweating do you want to taste this real
quick this one it's just I want you to
know it's not it's wrong oh my god
they're so soft it don't taste it go
away
they kinda taste like a little like like
the heads too like the cranberry
pentagram thirty grams I know the problem is
they turn off the air conditioning in
here and then this thing shut off it
just took out all the moisture in the
room you know save it for the judge
later do you want a little do you want
this to go I'll get into the boy Oh for
a pretty face yeah like oh my god it's
actually makes me feel so much better
than he's gonna be a distance child
thanks you too I'm not even going to
attempt natural food coloring for these
because just look at them they're like
pretty much fluorescent so I have to
pick my battles and that's not one of
them I have this particular meringue
recipe committed to memory we're just
going to go with these classic shapes
skipping the hourglass good enough
so blue is on the top yellow in the
middle and then pink on the bottom so
hope to make the rainbows like that so
some of these have worked out better
than others oh and all like not not
terrible almost indistinguishable when
you eat them I think I just want to kind
of get them continue to try out in the
dehydrator and in the meantime I'm going
to go back to the cereal my idea is to
mix a fairly loose batter make a stiff
meringue fold that in smooth it on to a
half sheet tray and bake it that way I
don't love how it cracked doesn't taste
bad at all what you get is kind of that
nice toasted oat flavor these are better
color wise right spot-on and I could
take them and then punch them out like
this so go in the dehydrator and see
what happens
finally I'm done punching out my my
forefinger kind of hurts it smells like
honey woo the marshmallows are so dry
look at that so dry hmm try it
they really shrunk quite a bit in size
they're really crunchy delicious
I made Lucky Charms but there's no one
here to Pat me on the back it sucks
alright sure I'll try the originals
first
these are delightful
they all like to immediately dissolve
the marshmallows hold up well okay don't
tell anyone but I think I'm gonna have
the other Test Kitchen people it tastes
them dry they don't have to have it with
milk right right no one said this had to
had milk on it right
my frustration an exhaustion from Friday
that turned into now sort of like
appreciation at the chance to do it one
more time the milk was soaking into all
of those air bubbles and crevices I have
to pipe them all out individually make
like a powdered sugar glaze
that'll add sweetness and it'll also add
like a protective barrier between the
cereal and the milk so I feel like I
have to tell people that like this
cereal part is not gonna look like the
cereal part and then the marshmallows
have you seen the marshmallows I just
went with good old hello and good old
food coloring on these I should have put
parchment down because now they're also
stuff cool see if I can as Edna Turnblad
says negotiate the pleats hair spray
anyone uh-huh and yet the lingering
there you go yeah usually very late an
area about this cereal part I
conspicuously I did not give you milk
because the second that judgest milk
thing to suckle is it kind of do the
same thing that Lucky Charms says yeah
yeah you don't seem totally I think
these are pretty delicious oh thank you
these are not as sweet and flavorful as
I wish they were thank you
you know these Romania remember that
cereal and so I didn't think I could but
never this area where was like little
talkative cookies and the dog yeah well
that's cause like Duncan who cookie
Chris that's what they were what's this
that's a balloon alright love it right
if you nail these thanks let's try the
cereal
it's not reminding me on the phone it's
the closest you've been uh huh other
than you know what they got some cool
little more like sheep I know I know I
didn't really even attempt the shapes
I'm not doing it anymore
you hear that no more for human Claire I
know okay no no this isn't million
dollar machines making this it's human
beings it's one human being oh thanks
alright keep fighting the good fight
okay what I think overall did a pretty
good job so I'm I'm pretty pleased with
myself
ish here's how you make gourmet Lucky
Charms start by combining one cup freshly
milled toasted oat flour one and half
teaspoons baking soda and one teaspoon
kosher salt in a medium bowl stir in two thirds
cup water and with splash of vanilla
extract and stir until smooth let rest
ten minutes with one hundred grams egg whites
until foamy then add a pinch of salt
start screaming in a hundred grams
granulated sugar gradually whip until
heats form then beat in a capful of
white vinegar pipe out one centimetre
circles onto a parchment lined baking
sheet and bake in a three hundred fifty fifteen to twenty minutes
move from parchment and transfer cereal
to a dehydrator halfway through drying
spray with The Glades made from a half a
cup powdered sugar seven teaspoons milk and
a splash of vanilla let dehydrate
completely meanwhile with two hundred grams of
egg whites and an electric mixer until
foamy add a pinch of salt then with soft
peaks form start streaming in two hundred grams
granulated sugar gradually heat in two hundred
grams powdered sugar followed by two
capsules of white vinegar provide
meringue seven goals and add a different
color of gel food coloring into each
bowl until you reach the desired color
transfer meringue piping bag fitted with
couplers and different pastry tips and
type out marshmallow shapes on
baking sheets bacon a two hundred degree oven
until marshmallows are dry then
transferred to a dehydrator and let dry
until crisp all the way through pasta
cereal if there's snack food or candy or
convenience food that you love that you
want to see recreated here in the Test
Kitchen feel free to leave it in the
comments after the video but please for
the love of God no puffed things of any
kind come in again for the next one will
be probably right here

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts To Make Gourmet Gushers | Bon Appetit
you can speak up in church the Lord
right you try make me go sure this is
hard
[Music]
I'm Claire and this time we're gonna try
to make gourmet gusher
[Music]
this is exploratory phase so you can
figure out what these are
I had gushers once as a kid okay I think
we're gonna have to work on presentation
you think this this is not the goal so
so this it's kind of oozing but this is
a gusher it's kind of vaguely shaped
like a gem or like a jewel they clearly
have a seam running down the side that
tells me that they're like two pieces
smushed together the center is that
syrupy sticky kind of like pseudo liquid
I mean it really does kind of have the
texture of corn syrup like a very very
thick syrup oh I did it it kind of has
like a like the texture of like of
Twizzlers and then of course the liquid
inside which is not that much it's not
like I wouldn't say that it's gushing I
learned oh you can tell what the flavors
are love gushes yeah B Griffin Argentina
has never had a gusher squishy so it's
not really liquid it kind of reminds me
of a cough drop I want to taste like
this is something else
I mean I'm curious to really look at the
ingredients and explore sugar corn syrup
dried corn syrup pear puree concentrate
which I find fascinating pear has a lot
of pectin modified corn starch fructose
malted dextran homeboy cottonseed oil
Darin carrageenan grape juice
concentrate mr Ives
sodium nitrate I didn't see naturally
haskins the trainer and then xanthan gum
and then they say gluten-free there has
to be something of all these things with
stabilizers and thickeners and like they
have to be stabilizing and thickening
something so there is like kind of fruit
layer things derived from fruit in it
that gives me some clues and now we're
gonna go online see what else we can
find fruit gushers occasionally just
called gushers are fruit snacks and the
shape of elongated a hexagonal by
pyramids the center of each crusher is a
thick sweet liquid and it's surrounded
by a chewy gelatinous sugar covering now
we have to figure out how I'm gonna make
and I need any molds Amazon has candy
molds this looks good yeah so it's not
quite gonna be a pyramid shape but it'll
be pretty close
we'll try three different methods for
filling them I mean and I have to also
work on getting like the set the set
right for the outside so okay cool so
that that's the game plan I hope I don't
look stupid at the end of this this is
all my attempt to make that outer chewy
part of the gusher one option would be
to take fruit juice and sort of
naturally thickened the fruit so what
I'm gonna do is take a fruit very high
in pectin like green apple and make a
green apple of jelly and then use that
as the base add fruit juice and gelatin
to that so that I get through like a
natural thickening effect and now I
simmer it and that's really just to kind
of extract all that pectin and let me
grab the fruit juice because I think I
have to start thinking about how I'm
gonna get that liquid Center InsideView
one hundred percent pomegranate juice freshly squeezed
blood orange juice and it's like mango
nectar okay so one idea is I like take a
little frozen tiny ice cube of juice and
press it into the center so it suspends
and then I put them together but like
how do I make an ice cube that small I I
did have one idea hold on this might not
work I'm just warning you
I thought if I froze liquid into the
straws and cut crosswise into like tiny
ice cubes that maybe they'll be the
right size so I'm gonna go test them and
see
I need something to plug the end of
these straws there's no one touch that
Sherrod I guess I've been there I should
reduce some of this juice now so I'm
going to strain the apple jelly it does
sort of look like like those gelatin in
it although it's not it's all that
pectin
so the blood orange juices reduce quite
a bit pomegranate has a ways to go see
how the mangos bubbling it's kind of
starting to bubble up a little bit it
started out pretty thick so I don't have
to take that one as far the jellies at
two hundred twenty Fahrenheit we added sugar on the
lemon and we cook it again and we skim
it and then we do the wrinkle test I'm
gonna chill this for a minute or two yes
Oh see how it wrinkles okay so I think
we're done
Oh see this is this is fruit pectin okay
gelatin sheets tend to be a little more
reliable and will set a liquid a little
bit a little more clarity then these
liquids are warm not hot the gelatin
dissolves in warm liquid so I'm gonna
put everything on the stove when I bring
it over on the stove in a little
saucepan I'll add Peter Kelly
and warm it up to dissolve the gelatin
and then I'm ready to fill the molds
each one of these represents half of a
gusher that I need to like sandwich onto
the back of another gusher there's a lot
of moving parts I'm gonna do the same
thing now with the other two flavors
hmm okay so I think the work for today
it's pretty much over we filled all the
molds the hard part tomorrow is like how
do we fill these things I have some
ideas I've no idea if they'll work but
already got back tomorrow my main
concern is that there's they're sticking
in the mold and I did not
I feel like this happened during the
Twinkie process
it's it sticks to the mold it doesn't
want to come out cleanly and it's a
little too soft so it has a tendency to
break apart I have a contingency plan
I'm gonna try the warm water trick and
see if it helps
maybe a little tray of water it's not
quite boiling I run the risk of melting
it down too much and losing like any
definition from the molds but I think at
this point this is the kind of the only
option well it worked but now they're
around now I lost all all the facets no
I do it's a lot harder than I thought it
was gonna be I have a shortcut in mind
so I don't have to go through that whole
process again I'm basically gonna take
everything under the molds put them back
in a saucepan add more gelatin and stir
in the cold gelatin until it's dissolved
I'm gonna spray the molds now put them
back in the mold with a little oil
underneath and it's starting to set up
so I gotta get it in the fridge I'm feel
I feel good just from like the little
finger test feels very firm to the touch
I think before I take them out I should
do some tests on how I'm gonna get the
liquid inside so Gabi found me like the
tiniest spoon we have in the whole
kitchen because I want to try to hollow
out a little piece see if I can get in
there okay I already give up hold on let
me use I'm gonna see if I can use this
straw to cut into the top of the gummy
see if I can channel out with it just
[Music]
right you try make me kosher this is
hard this gonna work the other thing I
can try is taking the liquid that we
froze inside the straws and taking like
an already frozen little chip of ice and
putting it inside well so let's try
mango just having to improvise if I put
in an already frozen piece and put this
in the freezer just to keep it frozen
and then we'll try fusing them okay so
this has definitely frozen okay that's
all well I can just use the syringe to
inject the liquid into the RT hollowed
out half fingers crossed
there's seven forces in this batch that
look good I'm gonna kind of use this
extra gelatin mixture as blue I'm just
kind of dabbing it around the edges and
then I kind of mush the two sides
together okay like I would say that that
didn't not work that is a more or less
three-dimensional hollowed-out
gusher this is that reduced pomegranate
juice I'm gonna use a syringe and fill
them up okay like it's kind of working
so here I want you guys to take those
and try see what happens
Rick has the most skeptical look on his
face I mean I like I like the flavor a
lot um I want the center to be a little
bit thicker yeah yeah what if I did
pomegranate molasses as the filling
because it's kind of more of a squirter
got sure yeah my plan is to unmold all
of the set have that I have in the
fridge hollow them out the problem
before was that the pomegranate juice
was really really thin even after we had
cooked it down so my thought was to use
a product called pomegranate
this so this is much thicker you can see
it coats the back of a spoon easily I'm
just gonna take the two hollowed out
sides use them together and use the
syringe to inject the filling okay this
one appeared to work really well
[Music]
got your overboard last one okay you see
they're totally filled all the way
around and they have like awesome
awesome sharp edges you can see the
filling in there which is kind of cool
so before it falls apart I'm gonna eat
it to me that's it it's like you get
such a bursting sensation from the
pomegranate molasses inside it's really
fun it's like kind of a surprise it's
fun to eat the texture on the outside
it's definitely better so I'm hoping I
did right by them in recreating our own
version oh gosh I really really like the
tartness Wow it's surprising it's good
right that's good
I like the flavor actually tastes real
and not synthetic love the shape your
poker face is impressive
I could eat a entire package of those
uh-huh the only concern for me yeah
that's a little a little too delicate
yeah delicate I think putting a pack of
those in your pocket definitely not no
take this the right way okay but I can
take it I think you did a better job
than I thought you were gonna thank you
it's a tricky one
I like being underestimated then you
come out on top okay well thanks here's
how you make a gourmet gusher cuts Rina
half pounds green apples into two-inch
pieces add two large pot with six and a
third cups cold water simmer thirty minutes
strain liquid and stir in four and two thirds cup
sugar and three tablespoons lemon juice oil
until passes the wrinkle test
cool meanwhile took four cups juice in
medium saucepan until reduced to one cup
sprinkled two tablespoons powdered gelatin
over half cup cold water in bowl and
softened ten minutes combined half cup
apple jelly half cup reduced fruit juice
and gelatin and saucepan and dissolve
over low heat missed small octagonal
candy molds with nonstick spray and
filled with gelatin mixture reserved
half cup gelatin mixer for later fill
overnight dip the mold into hot water five
seconds pop out suction cups use a
plastic straw or paring knife to carve
out eighth teaspoon cavity chill fifteen
minutes melt reserved gelatin and
saucepan use a small paint brush to dab
melted gelatin around edges align two
halves and press to seal paint around
sides to seal repeat until all gushers
are assembled chill twenty minutes use a
small syringe to inject pomegranate
molasses into gusher Center
children enjoy thank you no Brad does
not give gratuitous compliment so I take
that to heart especially about Gus

Title - Pastry Chef Attempts To Make a Gourmet Twinkie | Bon Appetit
[Music]
before we can make our own Twinkie we
have to know what a Twinkie really is in
essence a Twinkie is a snack cake that
is filled with cream it's baked at a
temperature where you get that my yard
reaction and if I break into it the
crumb looks very even and pretty tight
so there's not large holes in it it has
to be pretty dry cake so that it doesn't
fall apart once you add the cream and it
looks like the cream has been injected
into the center of this cake in three
different places so that's good to know
oh so it has this a little bit of a
stretch to it but I do like that sort of
like a marshmallow II I know I'm gonna
try and not replicate that smell yeah
yeah I'm gonna go in here like all the
rest of them will you eat one with me in
solidarity okay so like the first few
seconds I think are pretty good I mean I
think needs to be bad for you other than
that I mean fair game man it's really
metallic and perhaps it's the disodium
phosphate ingredient wise we have
leached enriched wheat flour sugar corn
syrup high fructose corn syrup animal
and vegetable shortening tallow
hydrogenated tallow cottonseed oil mono
and diglycerides polysorbate sixty dextrose
calcium carbonate himself agar eggs
that's good water
disodium phosphate that's bean ghana
fied corn starch corn syrup solid left
at the podium at the end of class a sort
of natural and artificial flavors
enzymes yellow five red forty the end a lot of
the things in here I recognize the
stabilizers immediately we eliminate a
lot of these ingredients right time to
get baking
one place to start is to separate tests
one is to take a classic yellow cake
this is really inside the Test Kitchen
then I might also try another style of
spun called gen woz here we go taste on
all my pastry detective work
I think that's step number one we need
we go corn starch oh you're a broken egg
oh my god I don't I didn't preheat my
oven to terrible that really should have
been step number one oh this cake
doesn't have any chemical leavener so no
baking powder no baking soda all of the
lifts that it gets comes from the air
that I already worked into the eggs okay
okay so I overcooked the sponge and they
shrunk a lot which was not something I
was anticipating they look like pork
chops I think it needs a little more
time and I overfilled them Hey okay this
is harder than I thought it was gonna be
but honestly in terms of overall shape
and color and texture could be worse now
I'm just getting together the
ingredients for the seven-minute frosting
it's a very stiff meringue so it's egg
white based I just switch to lecture
mixer otherwise I'll be here for the
next forty five minutes oh you guys
so it has that little bit of stretch
that I felt like the cream inside the
Twinkie had which is very good
I think the sign to stop squeezing is
when it starts to kind of flow out and
I'm hoping that the cream is getting in
there okay hear me we had a little
problem here
way away under-filled like not enough
cream at all because I think what was
important about the original Twinkie is
that those pockets of cream kind of ran
together I know now for next time I have
a yellow cake recipe and I want to see
how it compares to the Jen waz from
yesterday I think it'll be maybe a
little more tender have a little more
richness from added butter also one
slight difference is that it uses a
little bit of oil in the cake so that
actually to me is like something that
feels more Twinkie like oh thank you
yeah those look good
nice and golden give it a tap bigger tap
okay oh all right there we go not so bad
I am feeling like these look really good
really nice even color like little
beautiful gold bars Brett what do you
think
pretty good right classic yellow cake
this is Jen was that's standard yellow
cake they look way better right way
better yeah when you fill them and then
they hang out inevitably some hydrating
is going on yeah inside well we have a
test right here these are Twinkies that
I hydrated overnight and let them sit
out at room temperature to see what
happens
oh my god the cream like disappeared oh
my god the creams in the Twinkie is gone
maybe it can't be meringue coz meringue
is mostly air and like is it just gonna
deflate and absorb into nothing over
time
apparently yes fed of a seven minute
frosting I'm going to use a Swiss
meringue buttercream for basically
creating a cold emulsion jordu
trying to eliminate the temperature
differential between the outside air the
eggs and the butter it's looking really
good really really smooth very glossy
and I feel like I'm getting a lot in
there but I don't know I want to see oh
my god no pathetic okay I'm gonna try an
alternate technique for filling them or
I basically hollow out a piece fill it
and then stick the bottom back on
another idea to get that same like three
dot pattern with the cream is to try
even another filling technique where I
bore out in three different places so I
think we should cut open the three
different styles and see what worked
best this was just piping with the
nozzle and need to insert the nozzle
further into the cake but not that this
is the one where we cut out the bottom
guess what's not great about this one is
the bottom kind of wants to come off
this is the one where we board with the
apple core it's pretty even it's pretty
centered overall really not bad pretty
excited to try it
it was really good what do you think it
needs like you want it to be chewy yeah
I want yours to be junior cake if it
really supposed to be chewy Oh Brad just
told me I should not make a good yellow
cake I should make a bad yellow cake
spongier how do you get a sponge here oh
my god a chiffon cake that's a good idea
cuz that's an oil-based cake yeah oh my
god this is really throwing a wrench
into the oh that's such a good idea Judy
oh thanks a lot Brad today I'm back to
try one more type of cake and that is a
chiffon cake still a sponge but it has
oil instead of butter
it might work well for a Twinkie because
as we know from reading the ingredient
list there is no butter in a Twinkie so
I need vegetable oil like a neutral oil
because I don't actually flavor the cake
[Music]
there's a weird-shaped going on I think
like you see kind of where the bubbles
were in the egg I don't feel that good
about it on the oh looks as good as the
yellowcake oh my god it's like so sad
looking great what are you gonna go back
to no I think that just a yellow cake a
happy mixture of both is that doable
like Frankenstein them yeah
Twinkies are Frankenstein in my opinion
the only thing I can think of is like
that I could try doing is taking the
yellow cake recipe and making it just
like this by separating out the whites
from the whole eggs and whipping them
and folding them in at the end maybe
it's not a bad idea
[Music]
feeling this one there's some moistness
like you kind of get a little bit of
like a buttery residue on your hands
very happy about that I'm gonna break it
open and see inside
voila it looks really good the base of
it is butter rather than meringue so it
didn't just like kazaaam into air
they're really really delicious
well cookies are not making him again so
I'm glad that I went the chiffon route
cause I don't think I would have added
in beaten egg white something about the
texture like clued me into that final
step I mean I think this is how I would
want but we need to taste like if
someone just described to me what it was
supposed to be this is how I would
imagine it to be well thanks I feel like
we yeah I think we accomplished what we
set out to do
[Music]
here's what you'll need if you want to
make the Twinkies at home for the cake three
and one third cups cake flour two cups sugar one
tablespoon baking powder one teaspoon
kosher salt half a tsp baking soda two
sticks unsalted butter at room
temperature one cup buttermilk at room
temperature two tablespoons vegetable oil
by large egg yolks plus three large egg
whites and one tablespoon vanilla extract
so whisk together all of your dry
ingredients in the bowl of an electric
mixer add the butter buttermilk and oil
and beat on medium speed until it's
smooth add your egg yolks and vanilla
and beat again until smooth and light
with your egg whites to stiff peaks and
fold into the batter
you've got piping bag to fill the molds
about two-thirds of the way and then
bake in the oven until they're risen and
golden brown around the edges about twenty
minutes so for the frosting you'll need
two large egg whites a half a cup of
sugar a quarter of a teaspoon cream of
tartar two sticks unsalted butter that
are very room temperature and one
tablespoon vanilla extract combine the
egg whites and the half cup sugar in the
bowl of an electric mixer beat over a
double boiler until the mixture is thick
and white and it registers one hundred sixty on an
instant-read thermometer with the egg
white mixture until the sides of the
bowl are room temperature a tablespoon
at a time add your butter feeding on
high until the mixture is super thick
and light then add your vanilla transfer
the butter cream to a piping bag that
has an injector tip fitted on the end
flip the Twinkies over and insert to tip
at the injector about a half inch down
into the cake and squeeze evenly until
you can see the size of the Twinkie
expand and enjoy alright there's only
one thing left to do oh by Twinkie

Title - Claire Teaches You Cake Baking Lesson One | Baking School | Bon Appetit
this is an irresponsible amount of
batter for this goal set they're just
people to know that if Chris maracas
were here he would be horrified
first of all belly you know use the
right tool and everything
[Music]
hi everyone I'm Claire and this is
episode one of EA's baking school we are
showing you everything you need to know
about layer cakes from the cakes
themselves to the fillings to the
frostings putting the whole thing
together decorating in a five episode
series and by the time you watch you
should know everything there is to know
about how to make a layer cake at home
whether it's your very first and you're
a novice Baker or your more experienced
and just want to get better over the
course this series we're going to be
making three specific layer cakes to
demonstrate these Universal techniques
and here are those cakes so here I have
our three individual layer cakes a layer
cake is a construction of multiple
layers of a sponge separated by a
filling and then the whole thing is iced
and decorated let me break down each of
the cakes and how they're different pick
number one is our birthday cake it is
composed of three layers of classic
yellow cake the layers are soaked in a
vanilla milk the filling is a whipped
chocolate ganache the frosting is
chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream and
the decor is rainbow sprinkles pressed
around the sides but if someone made
this cake for me on my birthday would be
like I would like cry would be so touch
for our coconut cake here's what we got
six layers of white cake coconut milk
soaked in between the layers coconut
caramel outside on a top we piped
Italian meringue torched and then
toasted coconut on top it might look
intimidating but you really can make
this at home so you just have to watch
all five episodes just get comfortable
our third cake is our carrot cake it's
enormous
we have three layers of carrot cake with
walnuts the filling is very thin layers
of pineapple vanilla compote then in
between the layers and around the sides
and top classic cream cheese frosting
the decorations are candied carrot
ribbons they're not supposed to be this
big I've made a mistake and then we
couldn't reverse we couldn't reshoot it
I did some bad math sorry episode one it's
all about the cakes themselves how to
mix the batters the different recipes
all you need to know about the cakes
that go inside of our final compose
layer cakes so to make the layers for
any kind of layered cake there are
essential tools that you must have a
large whiskey proofs
liquid measuring cups and dry measures
mixing bowls at least two light-colored
identical cake pans
these are nine-inch parchment paper and
scissors for cutting out rounds nonstick
cooking spray and a stand mixer I really
don't recommend making a layer cake by
hand sand mixer will make it so much
easier so the first thing you have to do
always before starting to build your
batter is line your cake pans and that's
because a layer of parchment on the
bottom ensures that your cake releases
when you turn it out I'm just tracing
around the very bottom of the pan with a
pen you can use a sharpie I'm going to
trace the second one right next to it
and now I have the outline of the pan
pan like this rotor because this one
doesn't actually fit in the bottom of
things or not the same fact these two
fit nice in the bottom I'm gonna use a
little bit of nonstick cooking spray to
coat the pans and now I line the
parchment in the bottom sometimes I like
to fold it in half like this so that
helps to eliminate air bubbles as I
place the parchment in the pan another
light coating of spray on the parchment
itself to really ensure that the cakes
don't stick I dust everything with a
layer of flour now I tap the flour while
rotating the pan all the way around so
that it coats not only the bottom at the
sides any cake that you bacon here will
slide right out if you were to skip this
step it could lead to disastrous
consequences it's time to find out what
would happen if we didn't prep our
baking pan this is just a Bachelor of
our regular yellow cake so I'm gonna
scrape in Noah parchment no butter no
flour not even a spray of Pam it's all
bake this for the regular time about a
half an hour and we'll see what happens
okay here is that cake layer that's
cooled little worried
there's no parchment so there's nothing
that's creating any kind of release on
the bottom it's pretty stuck alright
this guy it has to come out in pieces
unfortunately we can arrest development
like and that's why you always prep the
pan disaster otherwise
so now that the pans are prepped we're
ready to move on to the batter I'm going
to show you three distinct cake recipes
using three distinct methods for mixing
each of our three cakes has a different
texture and that's because of the way
the different ingredients are mixed
together that produces different amounts
of gluten so I'm gonna show you what
gluten looks like gluten is produced
when the proteins in wheat flour
interact with water different amounts of
gluten development affects the overall
texture when water comes into contact
with wheat flour two proteins glutenin
and gliadin produce what's called gluten
and it's these long stretchy strands
that give bread dough for instance
they're chewy texture the more I mix
this the more structure I'm giving it
that's what we want in bread dough not
what we want in cake batter here I have
two examples of baked goods with
different amounts of gluten development
so I can show you what the final result
is first I have it's really like a
muffin I mean I'm not let's be honest
I'm up in this cake just anyone that
doesn't know that kind of I don't like
muffins I'd rather eat cake so this is
an example of lower gluten development
the texture is light and fluffy
unlike cake the object when you're
making bread is often to develop as much
gluten as possible when I press down and
it springs back up that's because of all
that gluten super springy very chewy
I can see little flecks of the whole
grain in it by changing around the order
and method of mixing together the batter
we can change the amount of gluten
development there's more than one way to
bake a cake so I'm going to show you the
three different mixing methods for each
of our three layer cakes pick number one
is our birthday cake very classic yellow
cake for our coconut cake we got six
layers of white cake our third cake is
our carrot cake we have three layers of
carrot cake with walnuts these are the
three different cakes that we're going
to make we're ready to start building
our first classic yellow cake and we're
gonna use the traditional method for
bringing the cake together which starts
with creaming the butter and sugar and
this internal result in a nice fluffy
cake
a beautiful domed lid and a very nice
texture here are all the ingredients you
need to make classic yellow cake using
the traditional creaming method
granulated sugar unsalted butter large
eggs buttermilk vegetable oil vanilla
extract baking powder kosher salt baking
soda and cake flour okay so the first
thing I want to do is combine all my dry
ingredients that I am using a whisk to
combine dry and this is also going to
eliminate any lumps that could form flat
pockets of flour in the batter so I'm
just combining all these wet together in
with the buttermilk yellow cake is so
named because it has a really large
amount of egg yolks in it and the yolks
contribute a nice sort of golden hue to
the cake so yellow cake equals egg yolks
so I'm using eleven yolks and just one
whole egg so this is my eleventh yolk
and then the last egg is just a whole
how did I screw up cracking the whole
egg
okay the general order of operations is
butter and sugar going first we want to
work a lot of air into that and then we
add eggs
followed by wet ingredients and dry
ingredients
alternating beginning and ending with
dry
all right I tried that mixer off as soon
as those last streaks of flour
disappeared because if I kept mixing I
would be at risk of overdose in the
gluten which would be very very bad for
our cake what would happen if there is
the problem of overworking your batter I
have that same yellow cake batter that
I'm gonna just continue to beat in the
mixer I think that's enough I can tell
that it's over mixed because the texture
of the batter is droopy you can see how
stretchy the batter is which is an
indication of gluten okay so I'm gonna
put this into the pan into the oven
thirty minutes and see what happens all
right it has dramatically shrunk away
from the edges as the cake bakes the
gluten strands kind of like snap
together and contract so you get that
shrinking well the crumb almost has sort
of like a bready consistency and I can
tell that it has sort of a tough texture
but it's definitely chewy not what we're
going for in a layer cake on the other
end of the spectrum what happens if you
under mix your batter I have yellow cake
batter with just the very last bit of
flour added you can see there's a little
bit of flour still visible hardly any
gluten has been developed at all but
we're gonna bake it for thirty minutes and
see what happens here is that cake layer
right away big dip in the center so it's
sung quite a bit that is because there
isn't enough gluten structure to support
the weight of the cake oh wow so you can
see much more open crumb super super
crumbly it almost like turns back into
batter when you eat it the key to mixing
your batter when you're making cake is
make sure all the flour is in there
mixed by hand at the end is really
useful to make sure it's well mixed and
everything is incorporated but don't go
any further than that that will give you
the best result in the final texture of
the cake so now I want to work it a
couple times with a spatula by hand to
just make sure that the stuff that's at
the bottom mix it evenly with the stuff
that's at the top
I have my kitchen scale here I'm going
to use it to weigh I'll be better to
ensure that I have exact amounts equal
between the three so each one is seven hundred fifty
grams and now we have a small offset
spatula a tool that you will find
indispensable for layer cake making and
I'm going to use this to level out the
batter and also work it into the side so
there's no air pockets around those
corners we're gonna bake these cakes at
three hundred fifty so I'm gonna start with two in the
upper position far to the sides and then
one in the middle and the idea is to
prevent the two on the top from blocking
heat to the bottom I'm also going to
rotate them a little more than halfway
through baking so here's what we did for
the mixing cake batter using the
traditional creaming method we started
by beating together the butter and sugar
until very light fluffy then we beat in
the eggs followed by the dry ingredients
and the wet ingredients that we added
alternating starting and ending with
Drive then we scraped the batter into
the prepared cake pans dividing evenly
and wings to guarantee over the even
layers I slew them with an offset
spatula and we put them in the racks of
the oven preheated to three hundred fifty on the upper
third and lower third to bake it so now
I'm going to put together the white cake
batter and I'm going to show you the
technique of cold reverse creaming it
produces a cake with a very fine crumb
and also a really flat top and here's
what you need before classic white cake
cake flour granulated sugar baking
powder kosher salt baking soda unsalted
butter buttermilk vegetable oil large
eggs vanilla extract and almond extract
so the color verse for me because you
don't start with the butter and sugar
you actually start with all the dry
ingredients in the bowl first and then
you work in the fat so I'm combining all
the dry ingredients in the stand mixer
bowl plus my sugar I'm gonna plug my dry
ingredients into the mixer and now I
have room-temperature butter here in the
traditional creaming method for the
yellow cake we didn't add a flower until
the very end and now we're starting with
all the dry ingredients here and adding
the butter directly to it so this will
seem really counterintuitive for a lot
of cake makers out there but it's a
wonderful method it works really well
what I'm doing here is I am working the
butter into the dry mixture so that the
fat and the butter is coating the flour
and that is going to inhibit gluten
formation when I add the liquid
ingredients a little bit of vegetable
oils I like to add almond extract to
white cake because it's sort of a
classic touch and also some vanilla
extract just gonna whisk these together
okay add about half of the buttermilk
this is going to start to build a little
bit of structure in the cake
so I'm going to let this mix pretty well
so now I'm ready to add my egg mixture
and I'm going to do it in two editions
[Music]
now the batter is fully mixed all the
ingredients are added because there's so
little gluten that we've formed so far
we actually do work the batter quite a
bit and this is our chance to work some
air into it because we don't have that
part where we cream the butter and sugar
so I'm gonna let it go on medium high
for a good two minutes and this also
will help incorporate some Arrington
batter to lighten it okay
now I'm ready to divide my batter into
my pans these go into the same three hundred fifty oven
same orientation of the pans so here's
how we put together the white cake
batter using the reverse creaming method
we started by combining all the dry
ingredients plus sugar in the bowl of
the mixer whisk fat to combine then I
added all the butter and worked that in
with the paddle added all the buttermilk
and a little bit of vegetable oil we're
committed to a batter then added the
eggs to whisk together with the extracts
until liquid I added that into additions
and beat very well afterwards until I
had a light fluffy batter divided that
into the three prepared cake pans and
into the three hundred fifty oven care gave an oil-based
case there's a different method for
putting together the batter and here are
all the ingredients and there are a lot
of them large eggs granulated sugar dark
brown sugar vanilla extract vegetable
oil all-purpose flour cinnamon ground
ginger freshly grated nutmeg baking
powder kosher salt baking soda
buttermilk carrots and walnuts so our
third cake today is a carrot cake which
is an oil-based cake so very different
from the yellow cake and white cake
because no butter at all and it starts
with beating air into the eggs along
with the sugar so an oil-based came
tends to be a little bit denser but also
because of all the oil in there it's
also much more moist
I do like walnuts in my carrot cake so
we're gonna add them today so these will
toast it like a three hundred fifty oven for ten minutes
or so until they're dark in a little bit
and toasty smelling so what I'm gonna do
is grate the carrots on the large holes
and put them in this bowl and then
combine them with the buttermilk because
the buttermilk will start to tenderize
the carrots now I want to mix together
on my dry ingredients again
okay now I'm gonna start building
everything in the mixer I'm using whole
eggs and now I'm gonna beat the eggs
with my sugars I have dark brown sugar
and white sugar because I'm not creaming
together butter and sugar my chance of
incorporating air into the dough is
really in this stage you can see that
this mixture is already lightening quite
a bit and now I'm ready to do a crucial
step an oil-based cake which is
emulsifying the oil into the eggs and
sugar so this just means that I am
combining the eggs and oil so that they
thicken basically the oil will disappear
into the eggs so I'm going to turn this
on medium and stream in the oil very
slowly I don't want to overwhelm the
eggs or the oil so I'm just gonna take
it pretty slow so you'll notice that
there's no oil that's like sitting on
top or that's separated it's all
incorporated into the eggs now I want to
switch to the paddle so I'm going to add
about a third of my dry with the mixer
on very very low half of the carrot
mixture this bowl is definitely good
overflow I'm really nervous okay you
know what I had to do at this point I
had to switch to doing it by hand this
is an irresponsible amount of batter for
this bowl sighs I just want people to
know that I usually forget at this stage
chat aloneness but I'm not gonna forget
so I'm gonna do that
I think mixing my hand at the end is
always a good idea gonna be able I mean
this thing weighs a ton it's gonna be a
lot of batter go into the same oven
these will take a little while also
because denser batter a lot more
moisture longer to bake
so for our oil-based cake we started by
withing the eggs and sugar in the stand
mixer with the whisk attachment until
very light and foamy and I am multiplied
in the oil adding it very slowly so that
I didn't overwhelm the egg mixture then
we added our dry ingredients alternating
with our wet including our carrots
starting and ending with dry and then I
told you in the walnuts divided in
Japan's baked in the oven I want to talk
now about doneness indicator so how to
know when your cake is ready to come out
of the oven here I have three examples
of cakes all at various stages of baking
so I have one that's perfectly done one
that's underdone and one that's overdone
for this yellow cake that's under done
when I put in my cake tester and pull it
out you can see that it still has batter
that's clinging to it the cake is
basically still raw or semi raw in the
center you'll notice that as it cools
it's going to sink because there the
eggs have not fully cooked in the cake
and there hasn't been that like soup
flying action and when I cut into it
they'll still be some raw and cooked
batter in there this cake on the other
hand gets over baked you can see it's
quite a bit darker on the surface it's
very hard and the interior is gonna be
completely try this cake is just right
so nice even golden color a cake tester
inserted into the very center comes out
clean this cake should be nice and
tender in the middle but fully baked
okay so to recap take a look at it it
should have a nice even golden color all
across the surface including the center
touch it should spring back when you
poke at the center kay tester will come
out clean and also smell it'll smell
like incredible birthday cake scent in
your kitchen when the cake is
approaching doneness a cake that's
properly baked should taste good without
any frosting at all
oh my god are you rolling oh okay
alright these are done one of them sunk
a little bit cuz I took it out too early
so even even even I make mistakes all
the time this is a layer from the carrot
cake that we made I'm gonna show you how
to unmold a layer from the pan provided
that you've lined your cake pan properly
always do to unmold the layer is cut
around the sides with a thin blade or an
offset spatula invert the rack onto the
pan flip the whole thing over
give it a nice sharp tap on that counter
remove the pan and feel back to Parchman
alright now it's time to do some tasting
I have all the K side by side carrot
white and yellow we're gonna take a look
at what the interior is look like and
the difference isn't sort of the crumb
and texture overall based on the
different mixing methods and ingredients
so first I want to talk about the
obvious visual differences yellow cake
versus white cake this is a much more
golden hue to it because of all the
yolks this one was just egg whites both
the yellow and white cakes have sort of
more openness as opposed to the carrot
cake which is weighed down not only by
the oil but by all the stuff that's
folded into it as well the texture of
the white cake the slightest pressure
kind of dissolves into crumbs so it's
really really tender reverse screaming
means that you develop overall I think
less gluten so less bounciness more
tenderness as opposed to the yellow cake
which has a little bit more structure to
it
but still a really tender crumb this
care cake definitely is a little like
heftier really moist much less prone to
sort of crumbling all of them are good
for layer cakes because they resist
drying out pretty well if you want to
try these I want to walk you through
each one hold on I just need you to
pretend like they're not dry they're dry
flavor sitting on for a little while so
yellow cake white cake carrot cake are
three different kinds
yeah to me it's like birthday cake yeah
yeah
nice and its lightness yeah definitely
actually almond flavor
mm-hmm I mean liver hmm I wish you love
cake we locate I doubled the better in
the bowl
how much carrot is in this I don't
remember the thought being that you're
gonna have cream cheese frosting on top
yeah has to be cream cheese frosting the
goal with these in terms of flavor was
like not to overwhelm with sugar because
you always become in a balance out yeah
thanks Molly
I think the main takeaway about cake
today is that it's a lot of work but as
long as you follow the rules you get
such a wonderful verse no result keep
watching so you can see how we not only
put together all the other components
but then also build our final layer
tapes in the end so don't go anywhere
you

Title - Claire Teaches You Cake Filling Lesson Two | Baking School | Bon Appetit
welcome to episode two of BA's baking
school layer cake edition today we're
focusing on fillings and soaks those
components that are in the interior of
the cake so you see this beautiful
layered cake you slice into it and
there's kind of a surprise inside do you
think you don't need a soak or a filling
in your cake I'm gonna show you why
actually you do why do we need layer
cake fillings and what is a filling so
this is a slice of our white cake with
no filling at all you can see it is cake
on cake on cake on cake it's boring
it's just all one texture and the amount
of cake is just kind of overwhelming I
don't really want to eat this so you
know I get a bite with all six mmm good
cake I don't not like it but I would
much rather have this same cake but this
time with our toasted coconut caramel
filling mm-hmm
because there's so much more going on
even after the cake kind of disappears
you're still kind of chewing on the
caramel so much more interesting you get
lots of textural variation in every bite
all these different flavors cake needs
this accompaniment I really like cake
but I don't want to eat this much of it
each one of our layer cakes has its own
distinct filling so here's what those
fillings are the filling in our birthday
cake is whipped milk chocolate ganache
we have two layers of it in between the
three cakes the reason I like using the
whipped milk chocolate ganache is
because it's a nice counterpoint to
everything else going on in the cake the
filling inside of our coconut cake is a
toasted coconut caramel it has such a
great chewy texture and this is the
component that packs a lot of the
coconut flavor the filling and our
carrot cake is a vanilla pineapple
compote with Robin you can barely even
see it because I've spread it in such a
thin layer it's very intense in flavor
and I don't want it to overpower the
cake so even though you can't really see
vanilla pineapple filling what you are
seeing is an extra layer
or classic cream cheese frosting which
you'll see in the next episode so to
make all the killings you're going to
need a few tools mixing bowls different
sizes heat proof various size sauce cans
very nice and small cutting board twenty
proof spatulas small offset spatula
favorite tool a whisk a blender handy
this how is this not a blender blender
it's a hand mixer we're making ganache
Oh excellent
June do you know is that the definition
of ganache ganache the screamin and
chocolate basically equal weeks we're
gonna whip this and have it be a filling
for our yellow cake since you're doing
cakes uh-huh
can you do the one where they make the
cupcake in the ice cream cone I made
this for my birthday when I turned twenty eight
yeah perfect it was twenty years after the
last time I had to make that equal
weights chocolate and heavy cream melted
together wait uh-huh okay that's it and
then a little butter it's a great
filling because it's soft at room
temperature but also as whipple so today
we're gonna whip it and then it sets up
a little bit here are the ingredients
that you need to make the milk chocolate
ganache heavy cream kosher salt
milk chocolate discs and unsalted butter
I'm not heating up the ingredients
together I'm only heating the cream if I
did it together
chocolates very temperature sensitive
and I risk scorching it or burning it
also add my little bit of salt all right
bringing this over to the stove so I'm
gonna take this up once they start to
see little bubbles around the sides
cream will also boil over you don't want
that to happen
see it's turning a bubble up just a
little bit around the edges okay so I'm
gonna use the heat from the cream to
gently melt the chocolate and I'm going
to let this sit for several minutes okay
I'm gonna start stirring I think
everything's had a chance to melt so
this will all come together into a
beautiful sort of like semi liquid
mixture with a really glossy smooth
consistency I love chocolate milk the
mixture is completely smooth but it's
still warm
only once it's room-temperature I'm
going to incorporate my butter which is
also room temperature so a good rule of
thumb for a lot of pastry kind of
preparations is you want things to
either be exactly the same temperature
or vastly different temperatures it's
important that for these things to
incorporate evenly that they're both
thoroughly room temp the ganache has
pulled out a lot you can see it's
starting to thicken a lot I'm at that
stage where I want to whip in the butter
I don't want to put this in a blender or
will even in a stand mixer
I like the control or the hand mixer so
I can really keep an eye on it because
there's a very specific end point that I
want to take this to I know that I'm
done not only when it's a bit thicker
but the surface texture will turn a
little bit so that shine will go away
and it'll turn matte it's quite a
dramatic transformations in that very
liquidy ganache that we've formed in the
beginning mmm so good so this came
together really quickly with very few
ingredients we had our chocolate in a
bowl and poured the hot cream over top
let everything sit until the chocolate
was melted I stirred it until smooth and
then let everything come up to room
temperature and I added the butter and
whipped it together until it helps off
piece okay now I'm gonna move on to my
other two fillings for the white cake
and the carrot cake
so the white cake is gonna transform
into a coconut layered cake and so for
that one we're making a coconut caramel
it's a very very tight solid caramel
that I make with coconut oil to give it
extra coconut flavor here are the
ingredients you need to make the coconut
caramel filling granulated sugar heavy
cream virgin coconut oil kosher salt and
toasted finely shredded coconut okay so
I've all my ingredients here I'm going
to build the caramel on this stove and
it's a dry caramel which means I'm
cooking just sugar in a pot with no
water so I'm gonna take my heavy cream
and sugar over there and then I'll come
back and stir everything else together
can you define caramel as caramelized
sugar if caramelize comes from the word
caramel I don't think so
so caramel is essentially sugar cooked
to the point where all of the water has
been driven off I'm waiting for the
first little bits of sugar to start to
melt so it'll go from white to sort of a
clear liquid focus right where the end
of the special is and it's gonna start
to go clear and then I'm gonna
progressively add more sugar on top of
the melted sugar story to incorporate I
have a couple layers of sugar in here
and it's melting faster around the sides
so I'm gonna start to bring the melted
sugar into the middle you can see it's
also taking on a little bit of color I
feel that heavy cream sorry I didn't use
the little I didn't use the dish which I
should be used sorry I'll clean it up
I'm still working to dissolve some of
the larger pieces of sugar but it's
taking on a nice color I'm gonna take it
pretty far in terms of the color because
the darker you go the more you develop
some of those bitter notes which I
really like
so it'll add I think a lot of complexity
and now I'm gonna kill the heat slowly
add my heavy cream so there's my caramel
normally with caramel I would add butter
in addition to my heavy cream but
instead of butter I'm adding coconut oil
so this is going to give I think a
really nice coconut flavor to the
caramel and it will also help it
solidify at room temp this will tighten
up quite a bit as it cools I don't want
to fit filling because that creates all
kinds of issues when you go to
instructor vinyl cake what would happen
if the feeling that you made is to fin I
made this batch of caramel a little bit
differently more like a caramel sauce
rather than a filling so it's pretty
liquid and a little runny so we want to
see what happens when we use a filling
with this consistency in between the
layers not a lot I'm spreading around
not even to the very edge and now here's
the problem when more layers go on top
and everything compresses they're smooth
when you go to frost it the filling
mixes into the frosting thins out the
frosting makes that you can't get any
coverage around the layers and it
basically turns into a very huge
frustrating mess so if you think your
filling is too thin or you're not sure
don't just plow ahead and hope for the
best
you have to kind of course correct and
maybe start over with your filling but
if you're going for a naked cake that
could be kind of cool
so all depends what you're going for all
right this is looking very beautiful and
now I'm ready to add my last ingredient
which is this finely shredded toasted
coconut if I were to add big coconut
flakes and those would get in the way
again I want to keep the texture of the
fillings pretty fine kind of has a Samoa
vibe that girl says cookie it sets up so
solid that it might be necessary for me
to rewarm it but I'd rather have a
feeling that was solid at room temp
rather than liquid okay I should taste
it though right mmm it's so good I love
the texture of the coconut it makes it a
little bit chewy I think it's really the
perfect kind of balance of salty sweet
kind of bitter sweet delicious so for
the coconut caramel I cooked the sugar
in a large saucepan over medium-high
heat using the dried caramel method then
I took it off the heat and stirred in a
heavy cream little by little until
smooth then I brought it back over to
the workstation stirred in kosher salt
followed by virgin coconut oil a
tablespoon at a time then I fold it in
the toes
finely shredded coconut now I'm gonna
move on to the filling for the carrot
cake which is gonna be a pineapple
vanilla compost some people put crushed
pineapple from a can in their care cakes
I not a fan of that but I like the idea
of incorporating kind of a fresh acidic
fruit element the component is basically
a very reduced thick like cooked fruit
mixture and not overly sweet so it's a
really nice sort of bright complement to
the cake here's what you need to make
the vanilla pineapple compote filling
chopped fresh pineapple dark rum a pinch
kosher salt sugar and the seeds from one
scraped vanilla bean
I need a pound of chopped pineapple
flesh you know pineapple has like path
wasn't a police the enzyme that breaks
down meat and I've definitely eaten so
much pineapple in one sitting I like it
because like turn off the skin on my
tongue anyway I just slice out the core
which then I like to snack on
I have a blender here I'm gonna blend
everything together so you don't have to
make perfect slices and it doesn't
really matter how big they are the
reason that we're blending is because I
don't want to put really large pieces of
a filling inside the cake because when
you go to slice the cake it's gonna be
hard to cut through if I have big pieces
of it in between the layers
halfway through pina colada
it's a little frothy now but the idea is
that the whole thing is gonna cook down
into kind of a thick almost like apple
butter consistency and I'm not adding
sugar yet because it really depends on
the sweetness of your pineapple how much
sugar you want to add now I'm gonna go
over to the stove and start to reduce it
of all the fillings that we're using
this one is definitely the loosest and
consistencies we all remember what
happens when your filling is a little
too thin so this has to come up I'll
start bubbling and boiling and then I'll
turn it down the water goes away
everything thickens the flavors
concentrate the sugar its concentrate
we're gonna skim some of the foam off
which can make the mixture a little bit
cloudy all the foam has come off the
surface now and I'm gonna go ahead and
add my sugar and also my vanilla bean a
vanilla bean is very it packs a lot of
punch I try not to cut all the way
through both sides but I kind of did and
then use the back of the knife to scrape
these are all the seeds that are gonna
go in and I'm also going to add the
whole bean because there's still flavor
in the pod you can get great flavor from
pure vanilla extract but there's really
no replacement for the seeds which have
just the most incredible like floral
vanilla flavor so sugar the pod and the
seeds I love when you can see all the
little speckles from the vanilla bean in
the mixture so I'm just gonna let this
continue to reduce I basically want all
the water gone so here is this pineapple
mixture that's been fully reduced you
can see that it has kind of the texture
of like a thick apple sauce and all of
the alcohol in the rum has burned off so
what we have is just sort of nice like
rum essence that's perfuming the mixture
so this looks good I'm ready to take it
off the heat just kind of put some pasta
over it and let it cool for the
pineapple vanilla compote in a blender I
can find the pineapple rum and a pinch
of salt blended that until completely
smooth and then I transferred it to a
medium saucepan and cook it over high
skimming the foam until reduced then I
added the seeds from once great vanilla
beans plus the pod and sugar to sweeten
and cooked it until thick like apple
butter so here are all the fillings
leaving those on top of these slices
they were really gonna be in between the
layers on the final cake now we're ready
to move on to soaks right now I want to
illustrate why we use a so can we build
our layer cake so I have two pieces of
cake here side by side this is cake
that's a couple days old so it's dried
out quite a bit we're gonna keep one
slice plane and one slice I'm going to
saturate the top with some soap that we
have right here Oh a meal do you know
what a soak is I mean I think in the
context of a layer cake yeah you do can
you come up with a definition that
doesn't use the word in the definition
that's mostly true although that's not
really that's emerging part we more like
dowel so anyway so it's really important
to house or add ranch your color dress
yeah but we don't want it to be
federated we want to lightly
moisturize so okay the moistening not a
moisten okay
really you want to let the so actually
like absorb through the cake but you
don't time for that so just carry on the
moistening go away now fortunately of
all the many components in a layered
cake the souks are kind of the easiest
part to assemble so I'm gonna put
together two different kinds and show
you how that we're gonna use one for the
yellow cake one for the white cake
here's what you need to make your soaks
it's pretty minimal a spatula and it
smells awesome
[Music]
here's what you need to make the vanilla
milk soaked whole milk granulated sugar
vanilla extract and kosher salt the
process for the souks couldn't be
simpler I'm just combining all the
ingredients and heating it gently until
I dissolve description so again I'm
doing vanilla milk kind of inspired by
like the sweetened milk drinks that are
popular with kids know thing kids drink
sweetened milk like strawberry milk was
a thing when I was a kid
strawberry milk obviously chocolate milk
vanilla milk is a thing right so this is
already done that's it so this came
together really fast all it was was milk
sugar vanilla and a pinch of salt
brought together so that the sugar
dissolved and now I'm gonna move on to
my second soap for the white cake so
here's what you'll need to make the
coconut milk soap one can coconut milk
granulated sugar kosher salt and vanilla
extract I'm gonna use the opportunity of
the soap which will permeate the layers
to introduce some coconut flavor into
the white cake so it's very similar to
the soap for the yellow cake but using
coconut milk instead everybody into the
pool so I like the coconut milk for a
couple reasons one there's a lot of fat
in it so it's adding moisture and
richness to the cake and also because I
want a coconut cake to have lots of
different kinds of coconut so you have
it in the filling and in the soap and
we're going to incorporate it into the
decorations as well and we're done so
that's nice sort of viscosity this is
actually it for the soaps we're not
gonna do a third soak for the carrot
cake because the cake is oil-based it's
already super moist and it just doesn't
need it so
make the coconut milk soap we combine
one can of unsweetened coconut milk
vanilla sugar and a pinch of kosher salt
in a small saucepan warm it over the
stove just to dissolve the sugar and
then let it cool so now I'm gonna demo
the best technique for applying the soap
to the top of the cake here's what I'll
need to soak the cakes one pastry brush
okay so this is a yellow cake from I
don't really know when it's from because
frankly there's been so much cake around
I lost track but I'm gonna show you kind
of the proper technique for soaking a
layer you really only want to soak
layers that are cut so if I were to try
to soak the cake without having trimmed
the top like this the soap will not
penetrate as easily in to the crumb and
that's what I want I think the key here
is not dragging the brush over the cake
because that kind of makes crumbs so I'm
just gonna do a dabbing motion and I
want to be generous but really only kind
of go once around the reason I'm only
going once around and not reso 'king any
areas that I previously soaked is
because it's possible to over soak which
has some pretty negative consequences
what would happen if you over soaked a
cake layer so instead of just going
around the surface with a brush one time
I'm gonna go over it several times and
we'll see what happens just like start
pouring it all over the whole thing
just do that it's faster you have to
sort of know how many times you've been
over because it's not going to stop
absorbing once it has enough soak in it
okay
see what happens I'm not sure to lift it
up all right
okay the whole thing just comes apart
the soap weakens the sponge and weighs
it down and then you basically get this
kind of breaking apart mess and there's
no structural integrity so you can't
stack it or put anything else on top of
it so don't do that you'd have to
obviously add quite a bit of soap to get
to that point but rule of thumb one time
across the surface that's it
and also you can gauge the absorption
the two-day-old cake could use a little
more soap than a fresh cake it's just
which is wet I don't like it what sponge
cake makes me think of wet sponge which
is gross like a dish sponge okay too
much soap means you end up with a cake
that basically disintegrates don't do
this
so hopefully this opened your eyes to
the possibilities for soaps when you're
making your layer cake it can be a great
opportunity introduce new flavor and
also be a real lifesaver if you
accidentally over bake your layers and
they're kind of dried out from the start
so we've done our layers we did soaps
and
there's one thing missing arguably the
most important thing in that's frosting
just keep watching for the next episode
when we tackle three different kinds of
frost date for our three layer cake
[Music]
you
[Music]

Title - Claire Teaches You Cake Frosting Lesson Three | Baking School | Bon Appetit
what's your favorite cereal for night
cereal whichever one is there god I love
it
night cereal without knowing that that
was a thing you know that that's the
thing so today is episode three my
favorite day because we get to make
frosting which is my favorite part of
the cake when you're eating your slice
of layer cake the first thing that hits
your palate is the frosting so it's a
really important component not only
because you want it to be silky and
delicious and add flavor but it's also
insulating the cake and preventing
moisture loss today we have three
different kinds of frosting for the
three different cakes that kind of go
through a range of different techniques
and I'm gonna walk through all of them
the world of frosting is vast but all
frostings kind of fall into a couple
main categories I have some examples
here first on my left I have an American
buttercream which is basically a mixture
of powdered sugar and butter sometimes
with a little bit of milk added to thin
it out and this version has some cocoa
powder so a chocolate version this style
of frosting is usually very very sweet
and it also has a property called
crusting which means that basically that
outer layer because of the powdered
sugar hardens so you can see that I'm
touching with my finger and I'm not
really creating an indentation and
nothing sticking to my finger it's very
common on like a lot of homemade layer
cakes mm-hmm not bad I mean butter and
sugar in the center we have a Swiss
meringue buttercream the general
category is like European style butter
creams but all of these have in common
is their meringue based the meringue
adds lightness and some other substance
that isn't just butter so it's not
overly rich it also tends to have a
really beautiful Sheen and unlike the
American style butter cream it doesn't
crust over so this has been sitting out
for a little while and it's still nice
and soft oh my god just spit on it sorry
can you see that the last frosting
I think everyone's familiar with it's a
store-bought frosting that comes in the
tub this also crusts over so it's been
sitting out a little bit and it did
start to kind of dry out around all
around the surface I mean as a nice
texture smooth it just doesn't taste um
stays natural I don't know I don't want
to say anything good about it it's not
good it doesn't taste good so I advocate
for making frosting at home you know you
can go kind of the easier route with
American style slightly more advanced
with more technique the European style
but I think it's worth it because
ultimately it's gonna taste a lot better
than
this one I don't know why we had this
one out here I kind of regret it now the
frostings were using on our layer cakes
fall to the first two categories and
here's what they are our birthday cake
is coated in chocolate Swiss meringue
buttercream I love Swiss meringue
buttercream because it's really stable
and it's smooth across the cake so
nicely it's really fun to work with and
it tastes good for a coconut cake
instead of using a buttercream we're
using just Italian meringue similar
method of putting it together but
without butter added and we're also able
to torch it for a really cool finish our
carrot cake is covered in very classic
cream-cheese frosting which is really
made in a style of an American
buttercream I love it not only cuz it's
easy to make but because it has such
tangy creaminess and like if you're
gonna make carrot cake and not
compressing and don't even bother
because they have to go to get it here
is all the equipment that you'll need to
build your frostings a large flexible
spatula a pastry brush a large whisk a
candy thermometer a saucepan and a bowl
to make a double boiler a medium
saucepan the stand mixer with both with
paddle attachments the first frosting
that I'm gonna make is cream cheese
frosting for the carrot cake it's the
simplest method and it's also truly one
of my most favorite things
I don't want carrot cake if there's no
cream cheese frosting and a story here
is everything you need to make cream
cheese frosting cream cheese unsalted
butter vanilla extract kosher salt and
powdered sugar all Micra needs at room
temp which is very very important for
this style of frosting I'm gonna start
with my butter in the mixer and I'm
gonna beat that until smooth
then well that's meeting I'm gonna add
my also very room tenth of cream cheese
cream cheese will whip similar to butter
but not quite as you believe you're able
to get quite as much air into cream
cheese as you are butter please ask me
what cream cheese is it's like a very
high fat fresh cheese or no welcome to
this really but I love it it's delicious
so the idea of this initial mix is to
get the fast very well combined so now
I'm gonna beat in kosher salt and
vanilla so I'm gonna add generous
portion of my powdered sugar now to
avoid a huge powdered sugar plume I'm
gonna just pulsed this
[Music]
fiendish hours and my daughter
my ways right I love this story already
my sister she was standing there with
one of those bottles of baby powder
uh-huh she thought it was close my face
bringing my eyeballs
baby powder
they were all swollen wait why is the
part relevant about how you were in the
shower and had a towel around you well
that's like how did she at all try to
defend that it was an accident set up
she knows that she is she's
lying
well then why would she have tried if it
was close why would she have tried for
jail okay
rest with the sugar
when you look along the top of the
paddle you can see comparatively how the
color has changed the frosting where it
didn't get mixed in that's much yellower
okay that's it so you can see it was
really easy everything came together in
just minutes there's a lightness to it
but overall it's dense it's creamy
it's sweet but the sweetness is balanced
it's not surprising that a mixture of
butter powdered sugar and cream cheese
taste amazing but it really does our
cream cheese frosting starts with
room-temperature cream cheese and butter
in a ratio of two to one combine those
in the stand mixer fitted with the
paddle and beat until smooth then I beat
in vanilla extract and kosher salt
followed by powdered sugar in three
additions pulsing to combine then whip
for a couple minutes until light and
fluffy cream cheese frosting is a great
starter frosting because it's basically
everything in the bowl and mix and now
I'm gonna move on to a slightly more
advanced frosting two different styles
of meringue the first one is Swiss
meringue that's going to turn into a
Swiss meringue buttercream and the
second one is Italian meringue we're
gonna go over what those differences
mean here is we will need to make
chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream egg
whites granulated sugar cream of tartar
it's a thing
kosher salt unsalted butter vanilla
extract and semi-sweet chocolate
can you define meringue nothing you know
what it is
right oh okay the definition just real
general so egg whites and sugar I'm
gonna begin until stiff peaks there we
go you know that no give me the Harold
McGee definition okay good but you're
good all right so I'm one for one a plus
one need to define earlier making
ganache Oh excellent do you know the
definition of ganache ganache yeah I
know so you're really one for two I'm
one n one was my record is what I meant
okay fifty percent yeah great
unfortunately that's a failing grade the
first thing I want to do before I
assemble my other ingredients that get
started is melt chocolate I want the
chocolate to be melted but cooled before
I add it to the buttercream in the end
so the double boiler is shallow
simmering water in a saucepan with a
keep fruitful set in top so it's
creating steam and the idea is that
whatever is in the bowl is being gently
heated still since very small pieces of
chocolate that aren't fully melted but
there's enough heat in the mixture that
if I take it off and let it rest a
chocolate will finish melting as the
whole mixture comes up to room temp in
the bowl that stand mixer I'm gonna
combine egg whites sugar kosher salt
cream of tartar is an acid and it's a
stabilizer for egg whites so that goes
in by hand and using a whisk now I'm
gonna bring an overnight same double
boiler the main goal here is just to
warm the egg whites to the point where
the sugar is dissolved I really am just
going to use my sense of touch I can
still feel that there's a little grit
from the sugar so it's not fully
dissolved and I want to keep going these
egg whites are warming they've become a
lot more fluid and the color has gone
from kind of yellow translucent to white
and opaque now I want to whip this into
meringue
[Music]
the sort of essential idea behind these
styles of buttercream is that I've
emulsifying
butter into meringue if I were to start
to add my butter before the egg pathetic
hands to cool
I would melt the butter and I would not
get buttercream so I want to beat these
until the eggs have fully under room
temperature so it's only been a couple
of minutes you can see I already have a
very stiff really beautiful super super
nice meringue look at that
I like this meringue for the following
reason it's one looks very dense I don't
see big air bubbles in it so I haven't
over whipped it to nice firm peak three very
glossy and smooth so now I'm gonna start
to add my butter again very room temp
and I'm just waiting for each piece to
incorporate before I add the neck again
a little bit of heat left in the egg
will melt the butter but if that happens
to you do not despair I promise there's
a fix when you're mixing your
buttercream there's two main problems
that can go wrong the first is if your
ingredients are too warm so I'm gonna
show you what that looks like the butter
is a bit over softened so you can see
because the butter was a little bit warm
it totally melted and instead of
something fluffy I have kind of this
soupy mess I'm gonna show you a quick
fix to get it back to the texture needs
to be we want to drop the temperature of
the butter cream so that the butter
reaches room temp and is able to whip
I'm gonna use ice cubes to rub around
the sides of the bowl
mixer on this feels like a really simple
trick but it works extremely well you
can stand the feeling of ice cubes in
your hands for a long time okay here is
the mixture that's now been cooled down
it's room temperature and it's become
really light and airy so it's kind of
holding soft peaks I now have to put in
the rest of the butter and we're gonna
see what happens when you add butter
that's too cold so this bowl has butter
that is slightly softened but it's still
very cold it's not yet when temperature
so now we have a very different set of
problems I want to show you what the
texture of the buttercream looks like it
has almost a slightly curdled appearance
and that is because the butter is so
cold that it's not incorporating into
the meringue so whereas the fix for to
warm butter was to cool down the bulb we
want to heat this up because the butter
was too cold and I have a tool for that
this is a Burns Ematic torch I'm going
to use this to warm the bowl as I'm
mixing
I want to switch to the paddle now
because the paddle is really good for
smoothing out mixtures
okay everything's come back together so
I have now this smooth fluffy mixture
really sort of classic frosting
consistency so the thesis here is nine
times out of ten you might think you
ruined your buttercream but all of those
problems can be fixed by just continuing
to mix and letting the temperatures
between the butter and the meringue
equalize so don't get discouraged if you
either make soup or like a curdled mess
be patient they'll probably have a
beautiful glossy buttercream you can
already see that we have the beginning
of a really beautiful smooth light
creamy buttercream just scrape all the
chocolate in it's important at this
stage that the chocolate isn't warm
because I just did all this work to make
this really fluffy beautiful smooth
buttercream and if I add hot chocolate
to it and off the butter and that I have
yet
we're flavoring it with chocolate but
there's endless ways you can flavor
butter creams depending on what kind of
cake you're making so I have some
examples here first I want to show you a
raspberry version and it's a simple
process of just mixing in any flavoring
that you like you could do any jam
seedless is best super delicious I kind
of think it would be good with something
like summertime berries lemon cake would
be really good lemon raspberry go well
together salted caramel often you can
find recipes that tell you just how much
you want to add to a batch of
buttercream but I like to just kind of
do it by sight and taste this would be
delicious on yellow cake would be really
good with our coconut cake there's
nothing that salted caramel buttercream
would not be good on lemon curd you
could also enhance the lemon flavor with
a drop or two of lemon oil mmm I think
anything with acid goes really well with
buttercream you kind of cut through that
richness this is orange extract so we
keep smelling this is very very
concentrated so I'm only gonna add a few
drops orange is a flavor where a little
goes a long way it's really more of a
perfume it could be really good on like
olive oil cake anywhere that you would
use lemon buttercream so any kind of
citrus cake espresso powder if you want
to make a coffee flavored buttercream
it's best not to add brewed coffee
because coffee is water and you don't
want to add liquid like that because it
can cause the buttercream to break so
just stirring in some powdered espresso
is a really good way to add that flavor
I like how the bitterness offsets the
sweetness in the buttercream should be
really good on chocolate cake even
there's something like with mascarpone
kind of get like a tiramisu thing going
on Nutella Nutella already sort of has
the consistency of buttercream so it
incorporates really beautifully the only
thing it's Nutella also is pretty sweet
so you don't want to add so much because
you're adding considerable sweetness to
something that's already pretty sweet
kind of unexpected I think with
buttercream really good on chocolate
cake I'm gonna get out any really on any
flavor cake so once you've made that
smooth buttercream base there's really
endless ways to then flavoring
so here you can see it it can only be
spread at room temperature once it's
cold the butter firms up the chocolate
firms up and it's very hard which means
if you want to make it ahead
chill it and then let it sit at room
temperature for a very long time there
you have it so here's what we did to
make our chocolate Swiss meringue
buttercream I sort of by melting the
chocolate over a double boiler until
smooth then I set it aside to cool then
I combined my sugar egg whites cream of
tartar and salt in the bowl of stand
mixer and beat that with a whisk or the
same double boiler until the sugar was
dissolved and egg whites were warm then
I whipped it with a whisk attachment in
the stand mixer until the meringue was
thick and glossy
I added my butter one piece at a time
until the mixture was smooth and light
and the buttercream came together and
then I scraped in my cooled chocolate
beat that together one more time
I had my buttercream the base for this
buttercream was Swiss meringue hence the
name Swiss meringue buttercream the next
thing I'm gonna show you is an Italian
meringue a little bit more technical
definitely kind of the most advanced of
the three and that's our third frosting
for the coconut cake so here is
everything you need to make Italian
meringue egg whites cream of tartar
kosher salt granulated sugar water and
vanilla extract a time ring is different
from Swiss meringue because we actually
have a cup sugar syrup that we stream
into the egg whites which are already in
the bowl now the reason this is
technical is because it's a little bit
of a dance so I'm gonna put my egg
whites in here a pinch of salt and cream
of tartar so I'm gonna put this in my
mixer I'm gonna come back to this and
now I have my small saucepan for cooking
my sugar syrup I like to pour the water
on the sides because that kind of
prevents crystallization it's gonna
bring this up over medium starting with
the heat proof special only until the
sugar is dissolved I have a candy
thermometer right next to me which I'm
going to use my goal is to cook this to
two hundred thrity eight which is just below soft ball so I
have about twenty degrees to go I can't
really walk away from that for too long
but I want to get my mixer going
so that I can get my eggs whipping to
about soft peeps by the time my sugar
syrup is at ten we're at two okay we're
there we're at two hundred thrity eight this is where you
can't really like take a break my eggs
look good these are at the stage I want
them now as I pour in the sugar syrup
I'm gonna pour down the side of the bowl
avoiding the whisk itself because I
don't want flying suburbs stuck to the
sides of the bowl
I'm gonna add my vanilla extract now and
just beat that in this is particularly
susceptible to over beating and in fact
it's maybe a tiny bit over it looks a
little bit dry that's a good indicator
when you've gone a little too far that
it'll go for the glossy to a little dry
looking if I were to now beat in
room-temperature butter I would have
Italian meringue buttercream just like
we made a Swiss meringue and added
butter to make a Swiss meringue
buttercream same idea but this in and of
itself can be used as a frosting and
that's what we're gonna do this is so
useful as a frosting for cake because
it's incredibly light and it's a
wonderful way to add contrast to a cake
like our coconut cake that has a lot of
kind of like intense textures so to make
our Italian meringue I started with my
egg whites in the clean bowl along with
cream of tartar and a little bit of
kosher salt then on the stove I combined
my sugar and water brought it to a boil
and started until the sugar was
dissolved until I reached two hundred thrity eight Fahrenheit
while that mixture was coming up I
started beating my eggs and I got it to
soft peaks at that time the sugar syrup
is ready to go I stream that into the
bowl on high and whip it until the
meringue was stiff and glossy and then I
beat in my vanilla extract have some
evening cake it's cocktail cake it's
five forty five yeah wait you guys haven't seen any
of this right I mean it we haven't
talked about it okay so this is
chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream but
that made me think of a good point which
is that it's not like a crusting
frosting so sometimes when you let it
doesn't crush I don't know if that's
like a real term like hardens when it's
exposed to air this you can kind of keep
forever and ever which is good for
people who want to like practice their
frosting technique or if it's therapy
okay so the second one the frosting is a
tiny meringue I over whipped this one a
little bit curious like what how can you
tell like to be the middle it's a little
bum yes see how it looks a tiny bit like
curdled little grainy it's like a little
matte okay went past the shiny face but
look
a little dry it's not crazy over-whipped
but it doesn't peak that easily like it
should peak really easily yeah it's kind
of no this is the only one that does not
have a phat correct I mean the cake and
the filling or not fat-free or
gluten-free that's all right
this is seemed sweeter than that one
definitely okay moving on third cake
carrot with cream cheese frosting butter
cream cheese powdered sugar that's
really it
is there a magical ratio between butter
and cream cheese like proportion well I
like two to one cream cheese to butter
like what would happen if you use all
cream cheese I think yeah I think you
wouldn't get the same like lightness
that isn't whip as well as butter and
then what if you used like fresh cream
cheese instead of Philly it has to be
Philadelphia this is fun perfect
it's just got you ice to eat a lot of
cake at six o'clock on Friday night do
you guys have dinner plans yes okay well
you you pregame dit do you want like a
little road frosting rody yeah for your
[Laughter]
fasting okay so when only took us three
episodes to get here but we finally have
all of our components ready to go all of
our layers baked all of our fillings and
soaps ready to go and now all of our
frostings so stay tuned for the next
episode where we put everything together
you
[Music]

Title - Claire Teaches You Cake Assembly Lesson Four | Baking School | Bon Appetit
no they haven't forced me to do that one
yet oh you don't know first of all
they're amazing I don't know how to make
that powder cut that flavor it's a very
exciting day today's episode four and
it's Assembly days we've done so much
work we've made all the layers all the
fillings and soaks all the frosting and
now it's time to finally put everything
together so by the end of today I'll
have all three of my cakes filled
staffed crumb coated and ready to
decorate but first before I start the
assembly there's a very important step
and that is prepping my layers to stack
before we assemble our layer cakes we
have to prepare the layers the first
step in doing that is leveling them so
taking off the dome to create a flat
surface the carrot cakes because of the
way that the batter is mixed baked very
very flat so there's no need for me to
level these and that's good because with
the walnuts and the carrot pieces in
there it's very hard to get a clean
smooth cut however our butter based
cakes like our yellow cake here do tend
to dome in the oven so we need to take
off that top layer I'll show you what
would happen if I were to try to stack
these putting one on top of the other
there this huge space between the edge
of this layer and the beginning of the
layer on top I would need to fill that
in with lots and lots of extra icing and
then of course and when I cut into the
cake
I'll see that kind of curve and dome
that's not what we want the idea with
layer cakes is that you have beautiful
uniformity so that each bite has the
same mix of ingredients as the previous
one one more thing about our white cake
we baked three white cake layers that
are each about an inch and a half high
but you can see in our assembled final
cake we have six layers that are each
much thinner and that's because we used
a technique called tor ting which means
splitting a single layer crosswise into
two layers you have the same amount of
cake that you always had but just more
opportunities to add filling I'm gonna
show you both of these techniques
leveling and turning so you get
beautiful flat even cakes
here's what you need to fill stack and
assemble your cakes a large serrated
knife well it's not only large a
serrated knife okay could turn tables
not totally essential but very very
useful flexible spatula an offset
spatula small and large if you have both
scissors briefly a pastry brush a metal
pen scraper with a straightedge pastry
bag and nine-inch cake round I'm starting
with my yellow cakes hi of my layer on a
cake round on the turntable very useful
it elevates it so it's a little bit
closer to eye level and allows me to
spin I'm gonna put the knife in right at
the edge so right where the it's dark
here where it was hitting the sides and
then it lightens that's where it domed
so that's the beginning of the dome I
put the knife in right along that edge
until you sort of long sawing motions
then keeping an eye on where it enters
and exits the cake and that's helping me
determine if I'm level so far it's
looking pretty good now that I have the
knife about half way through I'm
actually going to start to turn the cake
on the little turntable and only move
the knife toward the bottom and that's a
little bit easier all right and there I
am I'm all the way through voila so it
is kind of a shame that this is now cake
that's not gonna make it into our final
layer cake but this gives you an
opportunity to taste the cake before we
put it all together so good just great
this one I can see one little area here
where it's not perfectly level you can
go back in with your knife and shave off
any little parts well look at that so it
does take some practice to get sort of
one flat even cut to level your cake but
the good news is that frosting is an
amazing eraser of errors and mistakes so
don't be crestfallen if you know you
have some bumps or places where it's not
even everything will be fine
quick recap of that technique for
levelling layers and removing a dome I
positioned my knife right at the place
where the dome met the sides cut it
about half way through using long even
strokes opposite hand on top of the
layer then I started to spin the cake
only cutting through at the area closest
to me until I
all the way through I'm moving on to my
white cake I'm gonna do the same thing I
did to the yellow cake so leveling and
removing that dome but I'm gonna do an
extra step which is called torta already
I already tasted it cake has been the
first thing I've eaten in the morning
for like five days in a row it's not
good oh do you know do you know the term
torta
as it pertains to cakes I'm giving you a
hint giving you a hint that's it the
technique that I'm gonna use for torta
is similar to the technique I used to
take off the dome but I'm gonna be doing
this more at eye level so it can be
useful to elevate your cake turntable
I'm gonna basically score into the cake
a circle that goes all the way around
and that's gonna be my guiding line as I
cut through a knife slides at the end so
the layers fairly delicate at this point
it can be very useful to have extra cake
rounds and you can transfer the layer on
to another round you have layers that
are have slightly uneven in thickness
I'm gonna put my thicker layers toward
the bottom because those will compress
slightly under the weight of the cake
and then I'll put my thinner layers on
top you can see it's about like a twenty five percent
height difference so good cutting not
great measuring even though I prefer
using a bread knife there is another way
to level and torte your layers and I
want to point out and that is by using
this tool it's basically a big saw that
has these adjustable feet so you do this
kind of rocking motion back and forth
it keeps the blade level so that it
never changes height on either side oh
god it's not not working I probably
could have lowered it in one level just
start over okay there we go
I think that's a bit of height
it's maybe not the sharpest blade listen
money goes like nine ninety nine there might be
sturdier ones out there but I do like I
don't know what to think about it I can
just sort of mindlessly saw back and
forth oh okay alright but anyway you get
the point cake leveler
I don't think it's that necessary but if
you're making like ten layer cakes a day
maybe it's something you want to invest
in so just to sum up that technique for
touring the layers I drew it center line
all the way around the cake just snoring
lightly with the serrated knife then at
eye level I sliced through the cake
using long strokes just until I was
about halfway through and at that stage
I started to spin the cake and only cut
through making sure I was following that
center line until I was all the way
through then transfer the top layer to
another cake round now we have six we
are finally at that point where we are
ready to assemble we're starting with
yellow cake for our chocolate frosted
birthday cake here is everything we need
to assemble a birthday cake our trimmed
yellow cake layers vanilla milk soaked
chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream
frosting and whipped milk chocolate
ganache fillings we have the whipped
chocolate ganache and the chocolate
Swiss meringue buttercream I need to
relive both it's still a little cold to
bring it back together and to smooth it
out I'm going to actually melt a little
bit and I'm gonna add a tiny bit of
melted ganache back into the mixture and
then we lift the whole thing appears to
be working thank goodness did not have a
back-up plan so you can see now the
texture smooth again pretty light and
fluffy now we just want to do the same
thing with chocolate Swiss meringue
buttercream and I want to apply a dab of
frosting into the very center of my
turntable this frosting is just there to
act as a little bit of glue to prevent
my cake ground from sliding around as I
try to turn I'm going to pick my tallest
layer to be on the bottom and I'm
placing it cut side up that's why we
went through the trouble of leveling not
only is it going to be more structurally
sound and easy
to stack but I have an exposed porous
surface to absorb the soap I'm gonna do
a generous amount of soap for a couple
reasons one the layers are a couple of
days old - it's a really thick layer so
as the cake rests after it's frosted the
layers will absorb the soap all the way
through the ability to make your cakes
in advance and then add moisture later
on is always a bonus you might be
wondering why if we went through the
trouble of making a separate filling we
also have to have our frosting for this
stage of just stacking and that's
because we need the frosting to make
something called a dam and that is
basically like a reinforced ring a
frosting on the edges that prevents
whatever the filling is from like
squidging out the sides you were to just
apply your filling without this dam of
icing you would encounter some issues
when you went to frost it why is the dam
of frosting around the layer so
essential when you're filling the cake I
have the whipped chocolate ganache
filling our yellow cake layers and I'm
going to show you what happens if I
don't build the dam before I add the
filling just pressing down to level and
although the ganache is not dripping
down the sides like we saw with the
caramel it has extended out beyond the
cake layers because there's nothing to
block it and so here's the real problem
with that so when I try to put frosting
over top of the filling the filling
starts to mix into the frosting the
filling is a different texture than the
frosting so not only can I see it but
now it's not allowing me to get any
coverage around that part of the layers
and then the more that I try to spread
the worse that it gets with the frosting
we want full even coverage around the
cake and that's impossible
when your filling is kind of losing at
the sides when you have a dam it is your
frosting and so it seamlessly blends in
when you go to cover the cake not what
happened here now I'm going to apply my
whipped ganache about a cup is the right
amount of filling for a nine-inch cake I'm
gonna go with my second tallest layer
and now you can see because of that dam
there's a nice thick layer of frosting
that's not leaving any gaps
layer one and layer two all right
unlike the first two I'm going to put on
upside down because it's gonna be much
easier to frost this side than this side
cuz the side has all the crumbs so I
actually want to soak this layer first
oftentimes that top layer doesn't get a
soap that's not always the cake sorry
I'll slip that's not always the case
adding the soap will weaken the
structural integrity of the cake but
it's sturdy enough and also frankly dry
enough that I can do a quick flip put
upside down the only thing left to do at
this stage is just just smooth out these
little like icing tires around the sides
okay we're down one cake birthday cake
is assembled two to go here it's
everything we need to assemble our
coconut layered cake our trimmed and
torta Dwight cake layers coconut milk
soaked Italian meringue frosting and
coconut caramel filling onto our second
cake our coconut cake I have our coconut
caramel filling going to briefly warm
this so that becomes a bit more fluid
and I could spread it more easily
alright this looks good same process as
the birthday cake
[Music]
I'm not gonna go quite as generous with
filling on these layers because they're
thinner it's squeezed out from the sides
quite a bit I'm not gonna use actually
my bench scraper to do the same thing I
did on the birthday cake and smooth out
and even really remove a lot of this
ring that's looking out okay this cake
actually unlike the others doesn't
really need to be chilled because the
meringue is not a time running
buttercream so there's no butter in here
it's just egg whites and sugar it
doesn't firm up so I can leave this cake
at room temp cake number two down carrot
cake left to go here's everything we
need to assemble our carrot cake our
carrot cake layers cream cheese frosting
and pineapple vanilla bean compote
filling I have my cream cheese frosting
that we already made again it just needs
to be relived happens pretty quick you
can see it's pretty much already there
my two flattest layers are gonna be the
top and bottom I'll put the more rounded
layer in the center unlike the other
cakes I am going to use frosting in
between the layers
mostly because I love cream cheese
frosting so see there was a little air
bubble I caused a break in the frosting
as I piped it this is tricky because the
layer below it is kind of wet I don't
want to talk about it so I it's really
the icing is nothing to stick to because
it's on sort of a wet layer so I need to
pipe more coverage now I want to spin
the cake and take off any icing to
create one smooth level surface
I'm ready for my second layer this one
is the more domed layer so I'm putting a
foot in the center again upside down on
top because of that dome this is the
only cake where this is really an issue
but there's some gaps between the layers
because I put a rounded surface down on
a flat surface so I'm just gonna pipe
with my frosting to fill that in because
we don't want like pockets of air when
we slice into the cake I think every
cake is beautiful in its imperfections
the problem with a cake that looks super
over it is you don't want to eat it
and the cakes are meant to be eaten so
again upside down this is an enormous
nine-inch cake a cake this size with layers
this thick will feed like twenty people
alright we've done a ton of work to this
point you might think we're ready for
decorating but there's one final step
and that is something called a crumb
coating you have miss basically a lot of
work this I feel like I'm I mean I am
laying traps for people when I'm asking
them to define certain cake term from
travel way crumb coating yeah
can you define it yeah like a thin layer
of frosting applied like in the frosting
well you were right basically a thin
layer of frosting across the entire cake
and that starts to adhere any errant
crumbs to the side of the cake it is
important I think to have that primed
surface which makes spreading on the
final layer of frosting a lot easier
what would happen if you don't crumb
coat your cake before you put on your
final layer of icing frosting icing
frosting what's the difference for its
frosting okay I'm gonna show you let's
hope that the thing happens that's
supposed to happen so here's the problem
when I spread out the icing and then I
draw it back I tend to then expose I
don't if you can see right there any
crumbs that are on the cake prevent the
frosting from really adhering to the
cake itself and then when you remove
your spatula you lift up that frosting
and you have all the crumbs stuck to the
underside so it's kind of happening all
around and then when I go to spread it
out again I have crumbs all throughout
the frosting it's just a pain because
you're in sort of the final stages of
layer cake assembly and you made it this
far it's really annoying to then have
this problem hit when you're just trying
to add the finishing touch if I were to
have added a crumb coat it would have
sealed in all the crumbs and then
created a clean surface for applying the
final layer of frosting so it's always a
good idea it's a great insurance policy
to make sure that your finished cake
looks as good as all the work you put
into it
so now I'm going to start with my
birthday cake I am just trying to apply
a very thin even layer of frosting also
the cake is cold because it's been in
the fridge and that will really help to
set the icing which I think can often
help you produce a smoother result
really the crumb coat is not just about
sticking crumbs to the side but it's
also about filling in any gaps where
there is like an air pocket or the cakes
are uneven and so you need to kind of
like fill in just like I said before
this is like your the primer for your
paint and now I'm gonna take my bench
scraper and hold it against the side of
the cake touching the layers totally
straight because I want that ninety degree
angle and the idea here is just to
remove some of the frosting and I'm any
I think I'm taking off I'm putting into
this separate container so that I don't
contaminate my good frosting with lots
of little crumbs now I'm going to use my
offset to do the same thing on the top
so that looks good the whole thing is
leaning a little bit that way so I can
account for that when I apply the final
layer of frosting it's amazing what a
little frosting can fix if you have any
defects in the cake so this will go in
the fridge and I'm going to move on to
my other two cakes don't not the least
bit upset don't you know not to tell a
woman that she seems upset
uh-huh moving right along
[Music]
coconut down karacake cigar
[Music]
okay we are so close to the finish line
each cake is gonna get its own
distinctive decorations it's sort of
final Flair so that's an episode five the
final episode thank you for watching and
you won't want you think he made it
almost the whole way
you
[Music]

Title - Claire Teaches You Cake Decoration Lesson Five | Baking School | Bon Appetit
can't get this thing on
can't figure it out hold on sorry
supposed to like catching the lip hard
you depress hi everyone here we are its
episode five it's been a long journey
we have faked our cake made our soaks
and our fillings and the frosting
stacked them leveled them crumb coated
them we're so close and now it's really
time for the fun part which is the final
decorating phase so this is what we're
going to do to finish off our three
cakes when making layer cakes at home I
like to kind of stick to a certain
philosophy of decorating the first rule
of decorating is that I think it should
look homemade a wedding cake is one
thing you can bring out the fresh
flowers and the fondant and all the
really like you know pull out all the
stops but with a cake you're having at
home with friends for a birthday
celebration or something like that
simpler is better always just visits
homemade-looking doesn't mean that it
looks unpolished we're not finished I
think that these cakes strike a nice
balance between being very achievable at
home but also really polished looking
and of course delicious okay my second
rule decorating is that whatever is on
the cake should be an indication of
what's inside the cake so the decoration
should cue you about the flavor of the
cake itself for instance our coconut
cake coconut on top coconut flavor
inside my third rule decorating is that
not only should the decorations be
edible so that no one has to worry about
pulling them off the cake before they
eat it but the decoration should enhance
the flavor of the cake I have some
examples of decorations that do not
really enhance flavor at all this is a
flower it's made of mostly confectioner
sugar
it adds sort of like a weird pseudo
professional look to the cake that I
don't also don't love I want people to
know that I made it myself and these I
do not make myself so this is some
edible glitter while it's edible I would
not call it delicious at all just
because you can eat it doesn't mean you
should these are some dry shades I saw
an article when I was looking up dry
shades that the FDA said they're no
longer safe to eat
I don't know but these I just ate one
dextrose maltodextrin corn syrup that's
a different trail I guess but I read the
ingredients they don't taste good that
brings me to my fourth and final rule of
decorating which is that you don't need
fondant to fin
your cake you've probably seen a fondant
cake even if you don't know what it is
but this is fondant it's mostly made of
sugar and it's sort of like has a
play-doh consistency I remember the
first time I saw a cake with fondant in
a pastry case and I was like blown away
I couldn't believe like how we'd get
frosting that smooth the point is you
can't get frosting that smooth and
that's why you use fondant but anyway
it's rolled out in slabs like this and
then used to cover a cake that already
has a base layer of buttercream on it
I'll taste a little bit of it ooh
Oh has not a good aftertaste you know
it's really bad if the choice is between
fondant and chocolate Swiss meringue
buttercream I'm definitely gonna take
chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream and
pretty much anything else besides
fondant so now you know my four basic
rules of decorating now let's decorate
cakes the right way
the main decoration for our birthday
cake as you can see our rainbow
sprinkles I love sprinkles because not
only does it look incredibly festive and
fun but it's also a really good way to
hide any kind of like flaws in your cake
to decorate our coconut cake I pipe the
meringue around the sides then I use the
torch to toast the meringue that both
stabilizes it and adds great color
contrast then finish it with toasted
coconut on top our carrot cake is
decorated in take a really beautiful
kind of homey style lots of beautiful
peaks and swirls on the outside that
takes advantage of the really beautiful
supple texture of the frosting and then
really fun colorful wavy candy carrot
ribbons on top so at this point we're no
longer in the baking realm
we are in decorating land which is
squarely in the arts and crafts universe
there's a lot of different tools you can
use for cake decorating we're keeping it
pretty simple and here's all the
equipment you're gonna need flexible
spatula couple bowls a spoon small and
large offset spatulas metal bench
scraper a piping bag your cake turntable
if you have one and a torch here we go
make sure you know how to use it first
and to decorate our crumb coated
birthday cake we need rainbow sprinkles
and chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream
the technique that I'm going to show you
for decorating our birthday cake is like
a smooth icing application so I'm going
to keep the sides
and the top really clean really smooth
and it's actually not as difficult as
you might think this is a technique of
applying icing where you really put more
on that ultimately stays on the cake
because it's easier to take off frosting
than it is to apply more so we overshoot
the mark knowingly and then we take it
off as we go if you're not sure if you
have enough you probably don't this is
where if you have any little bits of
chocolate in your frosting you're really
gonna see it so you can see I have a
little bit here that's just where the
chocolate went a little bit solid in the
frosting I'm just picking those out and
now working all of this down the sides
now that I have frosting worked pretty
much down and around everywhere I'm
gonna use my small offset spatula and
some extra frosting to fill in any gaps
a lot of times it happens up around the
very top of the cake this is sort of the
final stages but this part which is
smoothing can take a little while and
you can often go over and over and over
your work generally my feeling is that
the least amount of fussing you do the
better which means if you get your cake
to a point where you think it looks
pretty good just stop you know it's
never gonna be perfect so now I have my
bench scraper and begin the process of
sort of removing the frosting the icing
from smoothing it has pushed the
frosting up to the sides to the top of
the cake so now I want to go through
with my small offset and gently scrape
that ring of frosting off and dragging
it toward the center and that's gonna
give me kind of a clean right angle this
part takes practice I am not entirely
skilled at it okay I'm ready to move
into the final phase of smoothing and
this is where I'm gonna use the torch
you don't have to have a torch you could
just achieve the same thing by dipping
your bench scraper in warm water and
then drying it really well but at this
point water is absolutely the enemy of
buttercream so keeping it as dry as
possible is really important I also
don't want to warm it too much because I
could burn the chocolate in the
buttercream and melt it so just so
hello
the idea is that the hot bench scraper
is gonna melt just that very top layer
of frosting and make it very smooth just
a couple passes is all it really needs
I'm also at this point not applying any
pressure with the bench scraper
it's barely really skimming the side
okay and I'm calling it now I want to
focus on the top because that's actually
going to be the part that's exposed
there's like the most of anything in the
whole world you know I've only ever made
layer cakes at home and I haven't made
like a thousand of them the way that a
professional Baker has so there's some
really amazing content on YouTube or
Instagram where you see people using
incredible technique and skill to make a
beautiful cake but as I said we're going
for something homemade because I said so
a fan on this show as I like to say
perfect is the enemy of good so I'm very
happy with this I'm ready to move on to
the final decorating step which is
applying my sprinkles
nothing says birthday cake like rainbow
sprinkles I'm gonna basically entirely
coat the sides at no point is my hand
actually touching the cake I'm just
letting the sprinkles kind of run down
along the side and it works well because
any contact between the sprinkle and the
frosty makes it adhere so all the
sprinkles that have fallen off I can use
them on my next go-around oh yeah this
is fun it's the best part everything is
done now I just get to play with
sprinkles
okay so here is our final birthday cake
I really like leaving the top plane you
can write your birthday message on top
also it's a nice blank canvas for
candles
I love the rainbow sprinkles and the
chocolate frosting it's screams birthday
there's no mistaking what kind of cake
this is so we went with a smooth
chocolate frosting look on our birthday
cake where I applied freshly whipped
butter cream to the top of the crumb
coated cake smooths it across the top
down the sides then I use the bench
scraper and did several passes to take
off icing and then did a final pass with
the heated event scraper final smooth
over the top and rainbow sprinkles
around the sides I know I said that was
the final step the real final step is
getting it off the cake turntable this
can be a pretty dicey operation your
best bet is to use a large offset
spatula like this it easily gets
underneath that cake round and again
this is why it's so useful to have a
cake round because it allows you to move
the cake from place to place so I slide
my offset spatula underneath the base
then I lift it up to allow me to get a
hand underneath I've never dropped a
cake I came really close once when I was
assembling the one and only wedding cake
I ever made and the groom's mom came up
to me to talk to me about the cake like
right as I was putting the top tier on
and the whole thing almost slid off all
right
back to what I was doing so now I take
the offset out and I put it underneath
where my hand is so I can get my hand
out and then I slide out the spatula you
can see not too bad not too scary also
obviously don't try to move the cake
from like five feet away get the cake
right next to the box one thing to
remember is when you have these little
tabs that slide into these little cuts
in the box I like to have those stick to
the outside so that they don't curb in
or didn't hit the cake so even though it
may be a little bit backwards I slide
those so that they are sticking outside
but that makes sense so there it is it's
very stable and I think will happen to
it it's protected and then the lid goes
on I also put the lid over the lids on
the outside not the inside and there you
go so anyway good luck it all will be
fine don't stress out too much but that
to me is the easiest way to get a cake
from point A to point B
here's everything we need to decorate
our crumb coated coconut cake Italian
meringue and large toasted coconut
flakes this time I'm going to apply the
icing using a piping bag there's no tip
because I'm just gonna pipe smooth coils
I'm gonna start at the base and while
spinning I want to simultaneously pipe
the key is applying really even pressure
it's also a good idea to start at end
your coils at different places because
then you don't have one area of the cake
where you see all of the different seams
we were just using a straight pastry bag
with the very end snipped off to pipe
our Italian meringue but a real pro move
is to use something called pastry tips I
have a couple different examples here
basically they create all different
shapes and textures in the icing when
you press them through a pastry bag this
is our pastry bag filled with our
chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream and
has something called a coupler inside
which is this little plastic piece and
it allows you to change out your pastry
tip without having to fill a whole new
pastry bag you put a pastry tip right on
top and then screw the cap over top it
holds it in place and allows you to
remove it when you want to change
there's categories of pastry tips
there's round tip star tips all those
different things so here's the first one
it just makes I don't want to say hair
or cuz it doesn't sound very appealing
but really fine fun little strands like
spaghetti this is a star tip if you is a
really large star tip sometimes you see
that like on top of cupcakes and then a
plain round tip you can kind of make
little pearls which I like often doing a
little string of pearls like this is a
really nice way to cover the very base
of the cardboard round if you want
something a little more delicate looking
you can use just a round tip it's a
little smaller um you can also use this
too right I recommend practicing before
you write directly on the cake you don't
have to have all these pastry tips to
pipe frosting all you really need is a
ziplock bag or a pastry bag but it is a
lot easier to make all sorts of fun
shapes with an assortment of pastry tips
how's my piping it's not so beautiful
I'm gonna go back in with the holding my
smallest of those at an angle to try to
create like a spiral pattern I'm gonna
cover the top in our toasted
so I don't have to actually do this very
precisely now the most fun part which is
torching the sides of the cake where the
meringue is I'm going to move the torch
around pretty quickly because the
toasting happens very fast I really like
the color variation the little peaks in
the meringue toast more than the rest of
it so you get like little areas of where
it's darker just make sure to like keep
it moving you can always go back and add
more color
it smells sort of like s'more campfire
in here the last thing is just to top it
with a little coconut because again we
want to kind of Telegraph that that's
what the flavour inside is so this is
just large flaked coconut unsweetened
that we toasted in the oven and I think
we're done you didn't think it was gonna
look this good because I piped it so
poorly but the torch
makes your mistakes actually look like
you did them on purpose it happens in
really a matter of seconds and it is
like a total transformation of the cake
to add the final decorations to our
coconut cake I'd pipe two rings of
meringue around the sides of the coconut
cake then put the remaining meringue on
top and spread it into an even layer I
went in with my small offset spatula to
create groups then torched the meringue
to golden brown and top the cake with
toasted flake coconut I'm gonna stop
eating the toasted coconut which is my
kind of my favourite snack but we've no
time to waste because this is only our
second cake we have to move on and
finish up our carrot cake here is our
crumb coated carrot cake and here is
what we need to decorate it cream cheese
frosting fresh carrots
granulated sugar and water so for the
carrot cake I am going to create some
candied carrot ribbons which is a pretty
simple process I'm going to use a whi
peeler to just make some long strips and
then it's a very simple process of
gently cooking the carrot in the simple
syrup so that they candy a little bit
once the candied carrot strips are dried
we're going to toss them in a little
more sugar and they'll be slightly
sticky from the simple syrup and the
sugar will kind of create like a sparkly
effect so that'll be our decor
oh it's hot one thing I can do now is
give them a little shape on the tray so
they'll dry it like this it might be
kind of fun doesn't look too much like
bacon
that's what I would really like to know
so into the oven my carrot ribbons are
ready to come out they've dried while
they're still hot I'm gonna sugar them
if you have sanding sugar which is a
little bit more sparkly you can use that
I'm just using granulated only once
they're cool we'll take them off the
parchment and put them on the cake while
my carrot ribbons are cooling I'm going
to apply the final layer of frosting to
the carrot cake the look that I'm going
for with the carrot cake is really
taking advantage of how beautiful and
swoopy my cream cheese frosting is so
I'm gonna go for a free-form really
textured look I don't say that it's
messy but kind of the more loose you are
the better it looks the large offset
spatula is I think what a lot of people
prefer but I like the control of the
small guy so I like to use this a lot
and all I'm going for is an even
all-over application I don't have to
worry about finish and now I'm really
almost done the final phase is to use a
spoon just to make some really beautiful
swooshes and swoops and swirls and icing
and to try to get really just some
beautiful areas of texture this is a
great method I think for those who don't
feel really comfortable with some of
those more precise movements or
techniques there's really no wrong way
to do this what I like about this is it
looks really delicious like it looks
like that frosting tastes really good
and I want to eat it and now all I want
to do is place my little carrot ribbons
they do kind of look like strips of
bacon I'm trimming the edges just to
make the overall shapes a little bit
more pleasing with any kind of
decoration it's really easy to go
overboard and put too many on so I think
taking a slightly minimalist approach
another cake is I'm going to spread the
cake as minimalist so I might just make
something of like a border around the
edge for the final frosting application
on the carrot cake we put a big mound of
three to four cups on top quickly worked
it across the top and down the sides I
added some more
sitting around the bottom to create one
even layer of frosting and then I just
went in with the back of a spoon and
created all sorts of freeform switches
and swirls trying to emphasize the peaks
until I cover the entire cake our last
cake is finished I'm so happy with the
way it turned out mostly it just looks
super delicious and I'm very excited now
to cut into all of our cakes for the
final visual reveal and the final taste
[Music]
whatever you're talking about put on
hold but no both of you
okay sorry the cake waits for no one
dude it's the final moments of this very
long process all right there may be
bigger than I thought they were gonna be
okay I think that happened let me be
very clear this is not for me makes I'm
not really input about how good it is
praise validation yeah so that's the
slice let's give it a taste
the flavors are really nicely balanced
it's a great birthday cake because I
think kids are gonna like it but it's
like it's so grown up in like flavor and
balance I think that the risk always
play your cake is like it just goes
crazy sweet you know and that's kind of
all you can taste it sounds a little
hard to cut because of all the coconut
so I'm just going to kind of slide the
knife underneath right ready for this
reveal looking good if I do say so
myself I am able to do this I got it the
white cake it's a little bit almond
extract
don't worry gotta get in here take this
fork do you want your own slice no no
you sure
no no I because we have no it's fine
okay you have a crowd and we're maybe I
would try some what the with the
meringue in there it's very good thank
you
yeah yeah gets you like something to
chew on
okay moving on to the final cake the
point is too small so let me see if I
can stand this slice up it's gonna be a
challenge okay thank you
is it if I don't think it's gonna stand
on its own just any wider you just stand
there and hold it up very well done Oh
God's going forward please let me just
cut another flight just eat that one
[Laughter]
that poor cake slice the pineapple and
the rum yeah I think the layers need to
be thinner I think about carrot cake is
like with the carrot and walnuts that
are in there it's a really hard cake to
like quit or to even level so just
putting less batter in the layers
overall maybe if you enter the frosting
I think that layer cakes are one of
those things where almost no matter what
it's greater than the sum of its parts
you put it in together and hopefully
everything is harmonious and
complimentary because it's a lot of work
so
big payoff big payoff there you go oh my
god thank you you guys
Thanks okay I hope you enjoy it as I did
going through the entire process I just
leave your place of cake when I wrap
this up before it falls over my
sincerest hope is that you someone that
was not a baker or didn't think of
themselves as a baker watched this
series start to finish and now thanks to
themself like it's not that scary sorry
everyone wants to leave it's not that
funny I'm just delirious okay sorry
oh I can't you're not touching that
thing
okay already I'm back the point is my
hope is that someone who doesn't
consider themself a baker watch this
series and now the idea of making a
layer cake is less daunting less scary
and it really is something that anyone
can do at home with a little bit of
patience and the right equipment
thank you for watching season one of
EA's baking school which is all about
layer cakes and coming up season two
about a different pastry project I
cracked
you
[Music]

Title - Claire Makes the Flakiest Buttermilk Biscuits | From the Test Kitchen | Bon Appetit
making biscuits is one of my favorite
things to do in the kitchen and it's not
really about the recipe because they're
very simple it's about the technique for
creating lots of defined flaky layers so
today I will show you how to make what I
think is the best buttermilk biscuit
this recipe only has a couple of
ingredients it starts with all-purpose
flour three and a half cups here at Bon
Appetit in our Test Kitchen we use a
method called it's like scoop and level
two teaspoons of kosher salt two and a
half teaspoons of baking powder this
helps give biscuits their rise in
addition to the layers sugar doesn't
really make these biscuits sweet but it
does help give them color and I think a
little bit of sweetness helps just kind
of balance everything out and now
finally I have butter melting these
biscuits which is an acid and so to
react with the acid I include just a
little bit of baking soda that's all the
dry ingredients I'm gonna go to the
fridge and get my butter and my
buttermilk to make it quick I will use
the food processor and this is similar
to make me pie dough I just want to cut
the butter into the dry ingredients
place with a couple times to incorporate
all those ingredients and evenly
distribute back into the bowl all of
these pieces of butter are gonna get
flattened out and they're going to form
little shelves between the flour and
that's what creates the layers and I
want that butter cold so it doesn't melt
or dissolve it to the flour I'm gonna
bring it together by adding the
buttermilk I just drizzle in slowly and
I kind of move around the flour with the
fork to evenly distribute you can see
it's coming together into like baggy
pieces and it looks really dry but
that's okay I want to just knead this
mixture a few times to help bring it
together and now again working pretty
quickly so that the butter doesn't have
time to warm up Pat it down into a
square more or less that's about an inch
tall
take my bench scraper or a knife and
divide it into four equal quadrants just
one right on top of the other
again the mixer looks really dry but
it's just cook the flower hasn't really
had a chance to hydrate I want to roll
this out into a rectangle that's again
about an inch tall now I'm going to do
something a little controversial which
is I'm going to cut the biscuits into
squares not rounds and I do this for a
couple of reasons one that I don't have
the straps you cut rounds you have
straps leftover and a car derby roll and
you never get the same definition on the
second time around now just to make sure
that butter is really cold because this
has been out on my bench for a little
while these will hang out in the freezer
for about ten minutes before I brush
them with butter and bake them these
biscuits are pretty neutral in flavor if
you wanted to serve them sweet you can
sprinkle a little sugar on top or if
you're going savory its salt and pepper
okay I've done all the tops these are
ready to go into a four hundred -degree oven and
they bake all the way through at that
temperature for about twenty minutes until
the bottoms are a very golden brown and
the tops are light golden brown so the
water and the butter to the steam during
baking and created this great lift and
rise in the biscuit so you can see all
of the layers and I want to eat them
while they're still hot so I'm gonna put
a little bit of honey and butter on
these I'm gonna mess them up
this young oh my god Oh
it's the biskits line you see it was
just a couple of ingredients and I'll
just a little bit of technique to make
something really really impressive and
easy so thanks for watching I hope you
make them at home

Title - Claire Decorates Sugar Cookies six Ways | Bon Appetit
hi I'm Claire and we're here in the
blood Apogee Test Kitchen for one of my
most favorite activities ever cookie
decorating we're showcasing these
techniques as part of kin community's
second annual Christmas cookie
collaboration ken is putting up a new
cookie recipe every day leading up until
Christmas
so check out Ken's YouTube channel the
road to cookie decorating success starts
with a great recipe and our ultimate
sugar cookie is pretty perfect the dough
comes together in minutes it's really
easy to roll out and cut and it bakes
really quickly so if you're doing
high-volume for the holidays
they're in and out of the oven in
minutes this technique is the simplest
and also my favorite it's just a simple
dusting of powdered sugar which gives
all of your baking projects a really
finished look I have a little powdered
sugar in a fine mesh sieve and all I do
is dust the top of the cookie you can
also use this same technique with cocoa
which adds a little bit of flavor and
also a color contrast or you can mix the
two you can also upgrade the pattern a
little bit by using these stencils I'm a
tease out of parchment paper which I
just folded in half several times and
then cut shapes out using scissors just
like you did when you were a kid and you
made paper snowflakes it makes these
great shapes another really easy way to
upgrade your holiday cookies to give
them a drizzle with melted chocolate I
have some here in a piping bag you don't
have a piping bag you can always use a
resealable plastic bag like this one and
just snip the corner so once you snip
the ends you can just practice on a
little corner of the parchment paper to
make sure you have a nice steady line
then I just go directly onto the cookie
all you have to do now is let the
chocolate set and you're done royal I
think is your Christmas cookie workhorse
it's a simple mix of egg whites and
powdered sugar and as it dries it
hardens and becomes like edible spackle
so you can use all sorts of decorations
just gonna practice a little bit on the
edge of the parchment paper making some
lines some dots and then I just like to
go freeform on the cookie I made these
cookies last week and froze them they'll
keep in the freezer for several weeks
can store them at room temperature for
five days or you can make the dough
ahead of time to freeze it for up to two
months and now before the icing hardens
I can cover it in a little bit of sugar
you make a pattern that you don't like
or you mess up you can eat the cookie so
what I do at home this technique uses
royal icing as a blank canvas for the
luster dust if you paint it with
watercolours before you can totally do
this it's fairly forgiving just when you
use a light stroke once you do a couple
you can really be creative come up with
your own patterns but it really makes a
unique holiday cookie here's a neat way
to add texture and variety to our
cookies using sesame seeds for a riff on
the classic black and white cookie they
start by drawing a line directly down
the center of the cookie once I've
coated half an icing I dip in the sesame
seeds of course while the icing is still
wet so they stick then I tap off the
excess and let it dry then I do the
other half
if you don't want to use SME seeds you
can get the same effect with different
colored sugars this technique is so easy
because the cookies go into the oven
already decorated when they come out
you're done here's a tray of uncooked
dough I'm just brushing it with a little
bit of beaten egg don't worry if any of
the egg drips down along the side if you
have kids this is a really fun easy way
to get them in the kitchen now I'm going
to sprinkle over some coarse sugars this
is a mix of a couple different colors
you can use whatever you have it adds a
really glassy sparkly effect to the
surface of the cookie I'm all done
decorating today thanks so much for
hanging out with me in the Test Kitchen
for more recipes go to bone effigy comm
or subscribe to our YouTube channel and
don't forget to check out kins playlists
of cookie recipes keep it there okay all
right

Title - Claire Makes Deep Dish Apple Pie | Bon Appetit
there's nothing I love more than making
a pie and to me even more than turkey
deep-dish apple pie is essential for
Thanksgiving something that you can't
rush which is I think one reason I like
it my pie dough is nice and cold it was
resting for a couple of hours start with
one disc at a time and roll out to about
an eighth of an inch thickness I go with
the rolling pin I just throw the flour
that's something a pastry chef showed me
to make a nice even sprinkling I will
put this on a parchment lined baking
sheet and I'll fill this in the fridge
while I wait the other one will transfer
this the same way to the first one
I'm using pink lady apples I really like
them for baking because they hold their
shape really well and they have good
sweet tart balance how thin you want to
slice is up to you I like to go pretty
thin about an eighth of an inch
now I'm gonna add my sweetener and
spices
so I'm just gonna toss with my hands and
the sugar is going to start to draw out
some of the liquid from the apples and
that's what I want so I let these master
raid at least one hour and up to three
one of the keys to this apple pie is
that it has reduced unfiltered apple
cider in it it creates such like a deep
apple flavor
I always put reduced apple cider in my
apple pies its cooled off a little bit
this gets tossed in with the apples and
now it's time to assemble I have a nine
inch deep dish pie plate I took these
out of the fridge a few minutes ago the
most important thing here is to press it
really firmly into the pie plate I'm
just going to use a scissors to trim the
edge a little bit I want about a one inch
overhang before I put the apples in a
quick egg wash around the sides all of
these go in every last one I'm not
forgetting this time to dot the top with
butter and that milk is a bake since as
even more flavor to the pie here's our
top crust I'd rate this over top I want
to trim this smaller than the bottom
crust so there's about a half inch
overhang
I'm just going to take the bottom crust
and fold it over the top crust and if
you need to you can give it a little
extra egg to help it adhere
I use my thumb and my thumb and
forefinger on the other hand and just go
kind of the width of my thumb all the
way around now final egg wash over the
whole surface this is Demerara sugar one
of the final steps to cut slits in the
pie this will let steam escape and it
helps those juices concentrate as it
bakes
I have brown crust on the bottom the
apples are tender they didn't fall apart
two beautiful deep dish apple pies
I hope this pie makes its way to your
Thanksgiving repertoire it will
definitely be on my table

Title - Claire Makes Potato Gratin | Bon Appetit
potato gratin is one of those incredibly
comforting dishes that every holiday
cook should have in their arsenal
everyone loves it it's creamy and cheesy
and delicious and that's what I'm going
to show you today first thing I'll do is
rub the dish with a little bit of garlic
inside all of the surfaces around all
the sides now want to butter it it's not
a low-fat dish but holidays so the next
step is to assemble my cream mixture two
and a half cups of heavy cream kosher
salt some freshly ground black pepper
four garlic cloves if two shallots and
thyme now I'm going to put this on the
stove and simmer it really gently
I just want to simmer this on low until
the garlic and shallots are really
tender and they're ready to blend as the
cream mixture cools down I'm going to
slice the potatoes and you could do it
by hand a mandolin is way faster I don't
even bother to peel the potatoes because
I kind of like the texture and also the
look of the skins so four pounds of thinly
sliced potato it's a lot but this recipe
feeds twelve so you kind of need it but with
this recipe I put them in the baking
dish kind of fanned out at an angle and
that way every piece touches the bottom
of the dish and is exposed to the top
and that means every slice has a little
bit of crispness and a little bit of
creaminess and we've already seasoned
our cream mixture with salt so this gets
poured over and that's it no need to add
any additional seasoning so I covered
this really tightly with aluminum foil
and I have my oven preheated to three hundred twenty five I
don't want the train to get to hot or
over-reduced because then it can break
now that the grid tent has cooled a
little bit I sprinkle it with three
ounces of finely grated Gruyere and then
an ounce of finely grated parm I'm ready
to put this under the broiler it goes
for five to ten minutes until the entire
top is kind of bubbling and brown and
crispy all over it smells so good the
cheese was just bubbling a second ago
the gree air got really gooey and the
parm got really crispy because I sliced
the potatoes so thinly it's it's so much
fun to eat OSHA's just
I hope that this makes it into your
Thanksgiving recipe arsenal so good so
easy and we'll feed a lot of people

Title - Claire Makes Soup Dumplings | Bon Appetit
my favorite part of any dim sum meal is
always the soup dumplings I love that
burst of hot soup and the chewy wrapper
and delicious pork filling so today
we're gonna show you how to make them
soup dumplings might seem like a really
complicated thing to make but it's
really just three simple preparations
all put together you have the dough the
filling and the soup so now we're gonna
start by making the soup question
everyone has about soup dumplings is how
do they get the soup into the dumplings
actually it's just a super gelatinous
soup base that's solidified and folded
into the dumplings so we're gonna start
with our pig foot so the first thing
that goes in then we have pork bones
pork skin that we blanched and we cut
off some of the extra fat and then cut
into thin strips then thinly sliced
scallions ginger and Xiao Qiang wine so
then we add eight cups of cold water and
simmer until it's reduced into a thick
rich pork broth I'm gonna start with
ground pork and to this I'm going to add
salt sugar which is like salt a flavor
enhancer some finely grated ginger
finely grated garlic toasted sesame oil
shashing wine soy sauce some finely
ground white pepper and some chopped
scallion I'm gonna start to turn the
filling in a single direction and I know
that the filling is ready when it makes
a light film on the side of the bowl so
this is our chilled soup base now I'm
gonna take a small knife and cut a very
fine crosshatch pattern in the soup to
make little cubes of jelled soup it's
basically pork jello at this point so as
a dumpling steam this soup re liquefies
and mixes with the pork and the filling
and makes just a super rich delicious
broth we're gonna reserve a little bit
of extra on the side to make sure that
every dumpling is filled with soup and
now you're almost there we just have to
make the dough we have all-purpose flour
very hot but not boiling water and I'm
just gonna basically work with flour
until kind of holds together in crumbly
pieces so I'm just gonna let this rest
about ten minutes so the dough rested
before I start kneading I'm gonna add a
little bit of vegetable oil and now it's
gonna start coming together into a
single mass when that happens you can
turn it out onto our work surface it's
gonna knead the dough working it really
well with both hands the dough will go
from being kind of lumpy and dry to a
very
move firm consistency so we're just
gonna let that gluten relax and keep it
wrapped in plastic so it doesn't dry out
we'll let it rest for about an hour okay
now we're ready to start rolling out the
wrappers for our dumplings there are a
couple of key tools that you'll need to
get started
one is a wooden dowel really cheap you
can buy them for about a dollar each at
Penny's grocery store a ruler and a
bench scraper I'm gonna start by cutting
it into four pieces and we're gonna work
with one of these pieces at a time and
keep the other pieces covered in plastic
again so they don't dry out gonna roll
it out into a snake twelve inches long you
can use my bench scraper to portion it
into twelve even pieces following the one-inch
guides now the key to really perfectly
form doublings is a very even wrapper so
to help us do that I'm gonna take my
thumb and press it into the cut side of
each little piece you're gonna do this
to all twelve pieces and dust them in a
little bit of flour and wrap them in
plastic I like to set myself up for
success kind of flatten out the piece
into a circle with my thumb's first you
can have a little bit of flour in your
work surface not too much so you don't
dry out the dough and start rolling and
the key is to apply slightly more
pressure to the wrapper as you move
outward so as you pleat those thin edges
gather up and don't make a super thick
chewy top of your dumpling so here's my
wrapper four inches wide
see it's very thin the light will can
come through and lay it across the upper
palm and fingers of my non-dominant hand
take a portion add about a tablespoon
laying in the center of the wrapper and
take the back of the tablespoon measure
and spread out the filling a little bit
you want to get a little bit of soup
cubes in with it and if you need a
little extra you can take some and just
spoon it into the center of the filling
now I'm gonna start to pleat the wrapper
I'm gonna pull the wrapper and give it a
little bit of a tug to stretch the dough
and then fold it back in on itself to
make a pleat then I'm gonna rotate a
little bit and do the same thing right
next to it doesn't matter which
direction you go just want to rotate the
dumpling creating a series of pleats and
pinching and the object is to get eighteen
which is the lucky number in Chinese
culture but just do your best eleven or twelve
pleats is perfectly fine you're dumping
will still taste great and now I have a
little bit an air pocket in the center
I'm just rotating it and this is gonna
work for filling up into the center you
have air in the dumpling it's gonna
expand as it steams and it converts the
dumpling I'm just gonna take all those
edges and pinch them together to seal
put a little bit of a rotation and
your soup dumpling now I'm gonna add it
to our prepared steamer basket which is
just a layer of napa cabbage grate with
a little bit of nonstick cooking spray
and I want to set them over a skillet of
boiling water let it go for eight minutes
while the dumplings are steaming we're
gonna put together a super simple
dipping sauce so I'm gonna start with
black vinegar which is the key
ingredient gonna add some thinly sliced
scallions a little bit of soy sauce it's
a very thinly sliced fresh ginger and
that's it
can't eat soup dumplings without it so I
just took the soup downlinks off the
steamer I'm gonna show you how to eat
them Mae carefully lifts one off of the
steamer basket dip it in a little bit of
the sauce and nibble a hole in the side
to release the soup I'm gonna slurp I
like to eat the whole thing in one bite
I'm so good so hopefully you see that
making some fun links at home isn't so
complicated in addition to being one of
your favorite things to eat out they can
be one of your favorite things to make
at home for this recipe and other
kitchen weekend projects go to Bon
Appetit com slash the project